NPR Music: New Music, Music Reviews and Music News : NPR
In-depth stories, artist profiles and music lists The NYC band's glistening and gloomy love song makes you feel a little bit happy, a little bit sad, and a little bit like you want to dance. The singer takes her time building a moment between two people who want the same thing. On a forthcoming record, the dynamic Nashville singer swathes his limestone-and-gravel vocals in horns and strings, expanding on a Southern soul sound. Hear upcoming albums in their entirety The contemporary R&B singer collaborates with her father — blues and soul legend Syl Johnson — to craft a consciously retro-sounding album which feels both vital and knowing. The Nobel Prize winner's latest bootleg set focuses on the parables and homilies he wrote for his "Christian trilogy," including a previously unreleased gospel track called "Making A Liar Out Of Me." Shamir Bailey's stripped-down, self-produced songs are brimming with self-assurance and confidence, even in the midst of anxiety and heartache. The Toronto-based songwriter's new album beckons the listener into an intimate space where daydreams can go undisturbed. The Portland band's ninth album is a sprawling, sumptuous testament to Weird America. Watch live concerts, studio sessions and music documentaries Continuous radio streams A mix of old favorites and new music from NPR's All Songs Considered. New music and the music that inspired it, from local to legendary. From Minnesota Public Radio.
KCRW's 24/7 music channel, curated by Morning Becomes Eclectic. Dedicated to music and discovery, from indie rock to Afropop. Portland's mix of Pacific Northwest artists and the best new music. New York City's premier public radio music station. Everything from early doo-wop to contemporary slow jams, hosted by Jason King. New York's world-renowned classical music station. WQXR's channel devoted to music from living composers. Minnesota Public Radio's classical music channel. From the classics to today's best, spiced with blues, funk and Latin. The jazz source for more than 30 years, and co-presenter of Jazz Night In America. Hosted by Felix Contreras and Jasmine Garsd, NPR's Alt.Latino spins Latin rock, hip-hop and psychedelic cumbia. Bringing you the best in folk music since 2003, presented by WKSU. Public radio music shows Bob Boilen and Robin Hilton spin new music from emerging bands and musical icons Latino arts and culture explained with music and conversation, presented by Felix Contreras. Terry Gross interviews luminary artists about their lives and musical work Jazz Night In America is a public radio program, a video concert documentary series, and a new online home for the music, from NPR Music, WBGO and Jazz at Lincoln Center. KCRW's Jason Bentley hosts a weekly spin of the best electronic, dance and beyond. Live recordings from the award-winning public radio program. Each week, NPR's award-winning program showcases both acclaimed artists and up-and-coming performers as they share music and memories. Award-winning radio host Fiona Ritchie explores evolving music from Celtic roots in Europe and North America. WXPN in Philadelphia and host Talia Schlanger present interviews and performances with today's essential and emerging artists. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor