Music | TMZ.com
His answer -- "HELL NAH! 'Cause I rather see that n***a score some points and get some damn assists." FYI, dude's a huge Lakers fan, but beefs hard with the Dodgers -- straight-up TRASHING the National League champs for chokin' away the World Series.  The singer took a stroll Thursday at a park in Burbank where she arrived with a friend both wearing attire totally NOT conducive for a park visit. White booties? Really?! Selena and her friend -- BTW, also wearing booties -- looked like they knew what they were there for ... to appear like little kids at heart and be moved by a little girl reading a book while sitting on the swing. Sweet, but staged, don't you think? Here's the deal ... the Blink-182 drummer is a huuuuge UFC fan -- loves it -- and while he respects GSP as an athlete, St-Pierre's slow grinding style puts him to sleep.  "I think he's a boring fighter. I think he's always been a boring fighter." Fetty was driving on a highway in New York City just after 1 AM Friday when cops saw him drag racing. They say he was going north of 100 miles per hour in a 50 MPH zone as he challenged the other driver. The rapper, who was driving a 2015 Mercedes, was pulled over and he handed the officer an expired New Jersey driver's license. We're told the cop almost immediately noticed signs of intoxication. Fetty was given a field sobriety test, which he failed. He then blew a .09 ... just above the legal limit. He was arrested for 15 charges, including reckless endangerment, drag racing, DUI, driving without a valid license, unsafe lane changing, aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, following too close, and speeding. Fetty was taken to jail. We're told he'll be bailing out soon. Phillips was driving in Portland, pulled up to a police officer and asked how to get to where he wanted to go. The cop immediately concluded Phillips was hammered and had him take a field sobriety test, which he flunked. The actor was cuffed and taken to the station, where he blew a .20 ... 2 1/2 times the legal limit.  He's currently being held in jail. Awesome!!!  Kellz was leaving State Social House Wednesday night in WeHo, and had a friendly run-in with a homeless man. He clearly hands him some dough, and the guy is clearly excited about the sum. The question ... what exactly did he hand him? Our photog thought it was a $100 bill. The guy's face screams Benjamin too! The confusion came when we asked about the donation. The homeless dude confirms Kelly gave him something, but hilariously disses the singer at the same time. Our best guess is the guy's trying to keep his $100 on the DL, but watch and decide for yourself.  We got the singer leaving State Social House Wednesday in WeHo where he was clearly in a giving mood. First, handing out cash to a homeless guy. That got Kelly a huge hug from the guy. We obtained an email sent by Green's mom to Travis after the incident, in which she says her son "does not hold either of you accountable for what happened to him, and he will not take any legal action against either of you." The mom acknowledges someone pushed Kyle from the balcony, and she says, "I would never punish someone who was trying to help my son. Kyle has said that he will never forget your kindness and encouragement during that terrifying time." As Kyle was being taken out of the venue, Travis gave him a $100k ring. We're also told Travis' manager and others on his team visited Kyle in the hospital and Travis FaceTimed him.  The judge in the case has already made it clear ... one false move and she'll drop the hammer on Meek. In fact, in 2015 he left Pennsylvania for a gig without getting approval from the court and the judge put him on house arrest. The 2 recent arrests are even more serious, and if Meek got house arrest for a travel faux pas, he's in big big trouble now.  Worst case scenario ... Meek could spend around 20 months in prison. Wayne paid back his "little bro" by jumping on stage for the event. Meanwhile, Jas' fellow H-Town native Travis was doing some serious stage dives. Jas got into it too ... on a smaller scale.  Obviously, that beef isn't hurting Jas and Wayne's friendship! The deal, according to docs, was that Young Money would pay T-Pain some royalties. According to the docs, there should be a bundle ... because 2008's "Tha Carter III" sold more than 3.2 million copies ... and that's in the U.S. alone. T-Pain believes he and Young Fyre are owed more than $500k. Scottie Pippen is finally ready to tear up those divorce docs he filed -- he and Larsa are officially calling off the split. According to court docs, both sides have agreed to dismiss the…
HERE'S THE RUNDOWN O.J. Simpson's Killer Halloween Costume Snoop Dogg Mocks Trump Assassination Tyrese: Total Meltdown Over Custody Battle  Cardi B: The $500,000 Engagement Ring