Further Sexual Harassment Allegations Roil Country Music PR Exec – Variety
“He was just like, ‘You want to meet Reba and Dolly, don’t you?’” the unnamed singer said, according to the Scene. “And then he was like, ‘You know you have to make sacrifices to be a star, don’t you?’ He told me after that he was going to have to see me naked. It ended up happening, and I’m definitely not proud of it.” Later, said the singer, “He wanted to give me a blow job, and he kept going on and on, and I let him that night… And I haven’t seen him since.” The allegations in the Tennessean and Taste of Country stories, meanwhile, came from an array of former employees, who described a sometimes belittling, sometimes sexually charged working environment. “It was the darkest period of my life,” a male ex-employee told Taste of Country. “There was plenty of groping going on, I’ll tell you that. Butt grabbing, that sort of thing. Kinda chuckling about it. It was a common occurrence.” Taste of Country said that another ex-employee told the site that Webster “pressured him into both giving and receiving oral sex and fondling himself at Webster’s direction.” The site said the employee claimed he had acceded and kept quiet for fear of Webster’s political connections. “He’s just gotten done running [publicity for] John McCain’s political campaign, and people were nervous that he was having them followed,” the employee said. “I didn’t know what he was capable of. He was dropping (former Fox News head) Roger Ailes’ name, and you realize how connected all that was and you just don’t know who he had access to, in what part of government that could have ruined your life.” According to the Tennessean, two former employees, one male and one female, both alleged that Webster “bragged about soliciting photographs of men’s genitals and sexual favors from Parton fans in exchange for meet-and greet passes.” Additionally, the paper reported that one male employee complained of unwanted massages and nipple twisting, and a female employee said that Webster made a remark about cutting her genitalia. The article also contained allegations of rude hand gestures and pantomimes and an office viewing of a pornographic video said to feature the wife of one of the firm’s clients. A Nashville police spokeswoman acknowledged to the Tennessean that sex crimes detectives have reached out to Rick, the Nashville Scene’s original complainant. Between Wednesday morning and Wednesday night, a number of names fell off the artist roster listed on the Webster PR website, most prominently that of Kid Rock, who has an album coming out Friday that had been heavily promoted by Webster. Others who had their names taken off the roster Wednesday included Cyndi Lauper, Kiefer Sutherland, Tanya Tucker, Big & Rich, Billy Ray Cyrus, Olivia Lane, William Michael Morgan, Tim Rushloe, and Jimmy Fortune. (At least one of those, Cyrus, now lists ex-Webster publicist Adkins as his new rep.) Other artists to leave the Webster fold in recent days or weeks include Justin Moore, Lee Greenwood, Taylor Hicks, Jewel, Randy Travis, and Aaron Lewis. The Nashville publicity firm with by far the biggest client roster in country music continued to be rocked late Wednesday by allegations of abusive behavior and sexual harassment, most of them now coming from anonymously sourced former employees, in a series of articles published in local newspapers and on a country news website. The Tennessean, […] The Nashville publicity firm with by far the biggest client roster in country music continued to be rocked late Wednesday by allegations of abusive behavior and sexual harassment, most of them now coming from anonymously sourced former employees, in a series of articles published in local newspapers and on a country news website. The Tennessean, […] The Nashville publicity firm with by far the biggest client roster in country music continued to be rocked late Wednesday by allegations of abusive behavior and sexual harassment, most of them now coming from anonymously sourced former employees, in a series of articles published in local newspapers and on a country news website. The Tennessean, […] The Nashville publicity firm with by far the biggest client roster in country music continued to be rocked late Wednesday by allegations of abusive behavior and sexual harassment, most of them now coming from anonymously sourced former employees, in a series of articles published in local newspapers and on a country news website. The Tennessean, […] The Nashville publicity firm with by far the biggest client roster in country music continued to be rocked late Wednesday by allegations of abusive behavior and sexual harassment, most of them now coming from anonymously sourced former employees, in a series of articles published in local newspapers and on a country news website. The Tennessean, […] The Nashville publicity firm with by far the biggest client roster in country music continued to be rocked late Wednesday by allegations of abusive behavior and sexual harassment, most of them now coming from anonymously sourced former employees, in a series of articles published in local newspapers and on a country news website. The Tennessean, […] The Nashville publicity firm with by far the biggest client roster in country music continued to be rocked late Wednesday by allegations of abusive behavior and sexual harassment, most of them now coming from anonymously sourced former employees, in a series of articles published in local newspapers and on a country news website. The Tennessean, […] Access exclusive content © 2017 Penske Media Corporation