Berklee College of Music
Apply
Berklee travels the world searching for talented musicians and considers all applicants for scholarship through our audition and interview process. Apply now to secure your spot.   Apply to Berklee's undergraduate, master's, and summer programs and register for courses offered by our online school. Learn about Berklee's master's degrees offered on our Boston and Valencia, Spain campuses, with programs including music therapy, performance, business, film scoring, and music technology. This summer program offers practical, hands-on playing experience in styles ranging from blues and metal to rock and jazz. Read about members of an alt-rock band and other Berklee students who have spent a semester studying in Valencia, Spain. Study with esteemed conductor Bruce Hangen and spend your days at the podium in Boston Conservatory at Berklee's orchestral conducting program . Apply by December 15. Boston Conservatory at Berklee's top-rated contemporary dance program challenges you to think beyond conventions to become a cutting-edge artist. Apply by December 15. Boston Conservatory at Berklee’s graduate string programs prepare musicians for versatile careers through specialized performance training and focused studies in audition technique, career development, and entrepreneurship. Apply by December 15. Learn, play, and take your musicianship to the next level. Register now for summer programs that give you a taste of Berklee—on the stage and in the classroom. Beginning with the fall 2016 class, all students accepted into Berklee's master of music in contemporary performance (global jazz concentration) program will be awarded full-tuition grants valued at $47,500. Berklee's first international campus, in Valencia, Spain, offers master's degrees, summer programs, and many other opportunities for global music education. Develop your artistic voice and gain hands-on experience leading an ensemble in Boston Conservatory at Berklee’s choral conducting program, let by distinguished conductor George Case. Apply by December 15. Boston Conservatory at Berklee's leading theater programs provide a trademark combination of acting, voice, and movement training that prepares students for a life in the arts. Apply by December 15.  Boston Conservatory at Berklee's 50 degree-granting music programs offer musicians focused, conservatory-style training that has been reimagined for 21st-century artists. Apply by December 15. Boston Conservatory at Berklee dancers perform five stunning new works November 2-5 at Boston Conservatory Theater.  From performer to singer, entrepreneur to manager, student Paloma Menendez is always up for learning new skills—no matter where in the world she is. For their performances, production, songwriting, mixing, and engineering, Berklee alumni could take home up to 13 Latin Grammy Awards. Molly Tuttle and Sierra Hull are named Best Guitarist and Best Mandolinist, respectively, at the 2017 International Bluegrass Association Awards; each is the first female winner in these categories since the IBMAs began in 1990.  Alumna Mindi Abair B.M. '91 brings the saxophone to the forefront with a new band and a gritty rock and blues style.  Berklee is coming to New York City and making a home in the historic Power Station studios, which will be renovated and transformed into BerkleeNYC. Omar Hakim, who has played on such hits as David Bowie's "Let's Dance" and Daft Punk's "Get Lucky," is the new chair of Berklee's Percussion Department. Alumnus Arturo Cardelús composes a score for an animated short that has quickly become a YouTube sensation. “See You Again,” featuring Charlie Puth B.M. ’13, is now YouTube’s most-watched video. Alumni have performed, written, produced, or engineered all of YouTube’s all-time top five. Piano Professor Joanne Brackeen earned the nation's highest honor in jazz—a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Masters award. The 1998 alumnus and guitar titan gave a master class at the Berklee Performance Center, offering advice and constructive feedback to a handful of Berklee students on their original songs. Berklee Interdisciplinary Arts Institute and Boston Conservatory at Berklee students mix dance, electronic music, African polyrhythms, Arabic scales, video, programming, painting, and more. Boston Arts Academy and Berklee City Music Boston offer underserved high school students in Boston the chance for an innovative arts education. Find out more