Homepage | The Royal Conservatory of Music
As a global leader in music education and the arts, we believe that music has the transformative power to unleash imaginations and develop minds.  For over 130 years, we have helped over 5 million people to develop the discipline and creativity needed to achieve personal growth and realize their potential. Advancing the transformative effect of music lies at the heart of everything we do. As a toddler, Coco Ma gleefully played on her toy piano to the delight of her family. When she was 6, she began taking piano lessons with the RCM and following the Certificate Program. She then studied at the Royal Conservatory School where her tremendous natural ability, imagination, and passion for music developed swiftly. At the age of 9, she joined The Phil and Eli Taylor Performance Academy for Young Artists. That same year, she made her Carnegie Hall début.    Since then she has performed in prestigious concert halls in North America, Germany, and China where she has thrilled and inspired audiences. When she was 13, Coco was one of 12 students from around the world — and the only Canadian — to be chosen to study with international star Lang Lang in Munich. She graduated with the RCM's ARCT in Piano Performance in 2014, the same year she was selected as one of CBC's Top Classical Musicians to Watch. Now studying at The Juilliard School, Coco speaks warmly of her 11 years at the RCM citing how the training she received shaped her development as an artist and prepared her well for the next phase of her studies.  is that it's really about just expressing yourself and performing like an artist and not a student." says Ma. "I'm very confident in performing now and I have the Conservatory to thank for that." Music has the power to change lives, transform futures, and advance society. Read more inspiring stories of how the RCM is developing human potential.  “On behalf of The Royal Conservatory, I congratulate Benjamin for being chosen for this leadership role with one of the world’s great orchestras,” says Peter Simon, President & CEO of The Royal Conservatory of Music. “He is a source of inspiration for RCM students and faculty alike and a shining example of how RCM alumni are increasingly making their mark on the world stage.” Celebrating and supporting excellence in performance and learning. The Royal Conservatory is one of the largest and most respected music education institutions in the world, providing the definitive standard of excellence in curriculum design, assessment, performance training, teacher certification and arts-based social programs. Advancing the transformative effect that music and the arts have on society lies at the heart of everything The Royal Conservatory does. The Royal Conservatory gratefully acknowledges the support of: