Music News - Los Angeles Times
The roar of support from a sold-out crowd at the Hollywood Palladium was proof enough: The past year of reckoning for sexual predators has a soundtrack, and it’s Kesha’s “Rainbow.”
On the last stop of the singer’s North American Rainbow tour Wednesday, grown men with glitter warpaint streaked across... When you walk into Lawrence Rothman’s house, the place just keeps on going. Rothman — a gender-fluid, genre-agnostic L.A. singer-songwriter who uses neutral pronouns — lives deep in the Cahuenga Pass, in a three-story Midcentury stunner filled with metal skulls under glass, floor-length fur coats... On one hand, it’s no great mystery that when Bob Dylan seemed to find new faith around 1979, a lot of fans and Dylanologists lost theirs — in him.
On the other, Dylan’s track record for musical revelation was so firmly established by that time that he could have put out an album of songs about... Can we love a pop star we know virtually nothing about?
That’s the question posed by Sophie, the willfully mysterious British musician who performed Monday night at the Teragram Ballroom to close out the month-long Red Bull Music Academy festival.
A gadget-obsessed producer and songwriter, Sophie... Robert Plant insists he hasn’t devoted his life to music for the money or the awards.
So it’s with a detached sense of humor that the celebrated singer and songwriter remembers being overlooked by the Recording Academy’s Grammy Awards for his critically acclaimed 2014 album, “Lullaby and…the Ceaseless... Last year the musicians Michael Stein and Kyle Dixon, who scored the music for the second season of Netflix’s “Stranger Things,” added a relatively unorthodox weapon to their instrumental arsenal.
A piano.
“A real, physical piano,” Stein clarifies.
“With keys and strings, which is something we... When Tyler, the Creator launched the Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival in 2012, it was a way to put his Odd Future collective’s raucous approach to hip-hop on full display while marking the close of the group’s tour that year.
L.A. Live’s Club Nokia (now the Novo) anchored the daylong event that paired performances... Jay-Z put considerable effort Friday night into trying to erase himself.
The first date of a North American tour behind his acclaimed “4:44” album, the rapper’s concert at Anaheim’s Honda Center began with images of flames slowly burning his eyes into nothingness. Screens displayed eerie scenes... There was a silent microphone at the Hollywood Bowl on Friday night. As the surviving members of Linkin Park took the stage, the spotlight fixed on a wreath-dressed mic stand, where singer Chester Bennington should have been.
As the band played the churning, pleading single “Numb,” the five Linkin... The house on a quiet South L.A. street would almost have been inconspicuous if it weren’t for the annihilated piano lying outside the front steps. Inside on this late summer day, booming beats filled the home, the sounds coming from the back room, which had been turned into a makeshift studio. ... Aliens, witches, demons and ghouls: Tyler Bates has written music for the best (and worst) of them.
If you shuddered during “Dawn of the Dead” or “Halloween II,” felt a chill watching the TV series “Salem” or listened to anything from the last two Marilyn Manson records, Bates is partly to blame... Many veterans of “American Idol” use words like “freedom” and “liberation” to describe the albums they make after exiting the tightly managed singing competition, which will return to television next year on ABC after its cancellation by Fox in 2016.
But Kelly Clarkson, who won the show’s first... Video games often help define new entertainment frontiers, be they interactive, immersive or centered on virtual or augmented realities. Yet “Cuphead” resurrects a few nearly forgotten advances — namely the lost art of hand-drawn animation and the abandoned joy of big band jazz.
Though the fast-paced... Since its premiere in 1983, it’s hard to think about Halloween without Michael Jackson’s “Thriller.”
The creepy send-up of 1950s B-movie horror films, in which the singer morphs into a werecat and a zombie, has long been a fixture this time of year.
It’s likely that your local costume store carries... If Elvis Presley personified the sex appeal of early rock ’n’ roll, and Jerry Lee Lewis and Little Richard channeled the danger lurking within this unbridled form of youthful expression, then Fats Domino was the living embodiment of the pure joy that was an integral part of the musical sea-change... Few bands are as closely identified with a single festival as SoCal rockers the Growlers are with their annual Beach Goth event. So what happens now that the band has lost control of it?
For the last five years, the group’s annual showcase of rock, punk, hip-hop and left-field throwback acts rose... Weezer’s new album is not the Black Album.
Last year, just before the release of the self-titled Weezer record known as the White Album, frontman Rivers Cuomo promised that the veteran Los Angeles band’s next effort would represent a striking about-face: a risky collection in stark contrast with... Lawrence Rothman, “The Book of Law” (Downtown). The gender-fluid artist’s debut album introduces not only one new voice, but eight others.
As presented in a video by noted director and photographer Floria Sigismondi, Rothman inhabits what are described in pre-release notes as “nine physical and... Musicians from all genres mourned the death of 1950s rock ’n’ roll singer Fats Domino on Tuesday, as did a U.S. congressman, an NFL coach and others.
The New Orleans-bred piano player, also known as “the Fat Man,” attracted a wide-ranging audience with hits like “Ain’t That a Shame” and “Blueberry... As one of the founding fathers of rock ’n’ roll, Fats Domino blazed a singular path in the history of popular music. Pounding a piano and booming in a baritone both warm and conversational, he gave the nascent genre a shot of rhythm and blues, jazz and boogie woogie from his native New Orleans.... Hours before the band Crystal Castles was scheduled to perform Tuesday night at the Observatory in Santa Ana, the show was abruptly canceled.
The action was taken on the same day that the band’s original singer, Margaret Osborn (who performs as Alice Glass), posted an open letter on her website... It was supposed to be an album release bash for a key member of several influential bands, not a posthumous salute to one of his most admired disciples.
But circumstances were such that Chris Hillman’s homecoming show Monday night at the Troubadour in West Hollywood became both a hard-won late-career... The Times is premiering veteran singer-songwriter-producer Joe Henry's new album, 'Thrum,' a work that explores topical issues with refinement. “A mechanical tool is following an intricate signal.”
“These are coaxial speakers, and the tweeter’s in the throat of the woofer.”
“Now you have 16 sets of stampers for a set of lacquers.”
The language can get pretty heady when Bernie Grundman is talking shop at his sprawling, 20,000-square-foot... Anyone with eyes could see that George Michael was something to look at: a perfectly stubbled face, a wonderful dresser (and undresser), a body that could move both sensually and with total, unembarrassed abandon.
And anyone with ears could hear that Michael was something to listen to: a breathy... As with life itself, there exists in music a dark side, a realm where grim themes swirl through musical notation as if bats through catacombs.
For every “Walking on Sunshine” there is a “Hell Awaits.” Judy Garland might wonder on the heaven that lives “Over the Rainbow,” but be careful not to fall... Sza should have been celebrating. It was the day after her sold-out tour played downtown at the Novo, and she had just learned that her breakout single, “Love Galore,” had gone platinum — yet she was agonizing over the concert.
“This is the second time I’ve had a really bad show … I was certain... Before Win Butler and Régine Chassagne were married — and before their band, Arcade Fire, became one of the most passionately beloved young rock groups in the world — they took a trip to visit Butler’s parents in his hometown of Houston, where folks pride themselves, according to the frontman,... A few months ago, there was a scandal in experimental music, when streaming service Spotify was accused of packing its popular ambient playlists with anonymous artists who had millions of plays but no apparent fanbase. Some suspected a royalty-skirting ruse; others decried the cheapening of experimental... Gord Downie, the singer for the Tragically Hip and one of Canada’s most beloved rock musicians, died Tuesday night, according to an official statement from the band. He was 53.
Downie had been previously diagnosed with glioblastoma, an incurable brain cancer. The disease was discovered after a... If the real world already feels too much like an unremitting sea of bleakness punctuated by violent, howling noise, perhaps this weekend’s inaugural Cloak & Dagger festival in downtown L.A. isn’t for you.
But what if two nights of heavy, goth-inspired music (a category that today transcends any... Technically speaking, she’s now entitled to bragging rights as the world’s first officially crowned “genius” banjo player.
The idea elicits a chuckle from Rhiannon Giddens. To be honest, she says, she isn’t a fan of the “genius grant” nickname that’s been widely used to describe the MacArthur Foundation... Spirituality has been a cornerstone of Bob Dylan’s music.
Matters of God and faith have infused his material regularly, from early songs such as “With God On Our Side,” in which he questioned humankind’s ability to justify most any behavior according to one’s interpretation of religious beliefs,... Standing on the 12th floor of the Capitol Records tower in Hollywood, Beck gazed through a south-facing window and pointed toward a neighborhood straddling nearby Sunset Boulevard.
“We lived over there when I was a kid, and it was all bungalow houses for six or seven blocks in every direction,”... Iggy Pop was not to be missed.
That was evident in the crowds that gathered to hear him, filling every inch of the slope down to the main stage — or rather, the Moon Stage, as it was labeled at the Desert Daze festival. Pop headlined Saturday night, lithe and shirtless, hurtling across the stage... On Sunday in downtown L.A. renowned artist Ryoji Ikeda presented a brand-new composition in collaboration with 100 automobile owners. It’s quite possible that nobody more fully appreciates and celebrates the role that pop culture plays in our lives than L.A.’s own relentlessly and gloriously perceptive Sparks.
At Saturday’s opening of the duo’s three-night stand at the El Rey Theatre (which continues tonight and Tuesday), brothers... I’m probably not the only one who may find it a bit disconcerting — albeit thoroughly engaging — to wander through the Grammy Museum’s newest exhibition, which is devoted to the 40-year career of L.A. punk band X.
I’ve seen the group in all manner of dive clubs over the years and have been a long... Throughout his 40-plus year career, South African musician Johnny Clegg has sought to explore connections between body and spirit, between aspirations and reality, between politics and society.
That search, which often manifested in intense performances in which he tapped Zulu dance traditions... The last few weeks have been fairly historic ones for the Hollywood Bowl, for better and worse. In late September, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers played an acclaimed 40th anniversary three-night run at the venue. The shows turned out, sadly, to be Petty’s last.
But on Thursday night, Depeche Mode... Bruce Springsteen opens his new Broadway show with some terrifically unnecessary advice — namely, an accounting of some of the attributes you might find helpful “if you ever come face to face with 80,000 screaming rock ’n’ roll fans.”
The singer drew from real-life experience, of course, in compiling... As a fairly recent acolyte of filmmaker David Lynch, musician and comic Reggie Watts decided to indoctrinate himself: first with the 30 episodes of the original “Twin Peaks” TV series, followed by the film prequel “Fire Walk With Me,” before diving into this year’s 18-hour revival “Twin Peaks:... More than a dozen mostly Los Angeles-based Americana acts will gather Oct. 17 for “Runnin’ Down a Dream: A Tribute to Tom Petty” to benefit the MusiCares Foundation, the Recording Academy’s wing that provides assistance to musicians in need.
The show will be held at the Regent Theater downtown,... No Age, “Soft Collar Fad” (Drag City). The first song from the stellar L.A. punk band’s first studio album in four years rips into its riffs like a pitbull into a rib-eye.
Over the past decade the duo, Dean Spunt (drums) and Randy Randall (guitars), have helped redefine L.A. punk for a new century,... What happens when music stops making sense?
In early 2016, that nightmare scenario befell the electronic beat producer Jennifer Lee. After a creative ascent in which rhythm and melody fed her spirit while propelling her to international attention, she suddenly ceased to properly compute language... 'It surprises me how snarky it's gotten,' Pink says of the pop world in a wide-ranging talk at her home. Her new album, 'Beautiful Trauma,' puts her powerful voice first. The Eagles’ “Hotel California” will be reissued in a deluxe 40th anniversary edition on Nov. 24, pairing the remastered original studio album with 10 live tracks recorded at the Forum in Inglewood around the time the work was released.
The 40th anniversary designation is being applied somewhat... The Heartbreakers knew.
When Tom Petty’s band gathered backstage a couple of hours before the grand finale of its sold-out, three-night homecoming stand at the venerated Hollywood Bowl last month, capping a remarkably successful 40th anniversary tour, they knew.
Not about how little time the band’s... Janet Jackson’s comeback tour doesn’t open with the typical grandiose splashes pop stars often bring to arenas. No explosions of pyrotechnic, no stunts to make her grand entrance.
Instead, a flurry of images referencing the Syrian civil war, white supremacist rallies and unarmed black men killed... Seven albums into the band’s career, there’s a level of fame to be expected from being in the National, who headline the Hollywood Bowl on Wednesday.
Frontman Matt Berninger, who was reached by phone at his hotel room between a recent run of shows in the U.K., described some of his response to... Even if it hadn’t started the way it did, Janet Jackson’s concert at the Hollywood Bowl would’ve made an impression with its ending.
Surrounded by approximately two dozen dancers as she stood center stage, the pop star spent nearly 20 minutes Sunday night introducing the performers and embracing... Alki David was unfazed by the chaos surrounding him on a recent afternoon in Hollywood.
The Greek billionaire was days away from previewing a theater featuring hyper-realistic “hologram concerts” with entertainers both living and dead — but the space was far from complete.
The grinding sounds of... “This one’s for you guys,” St. Vincent said with a knowing little laugh. She was standing on what looked like a New York City street, but her audience consisted of several thousand Angelenos — folks she could be sure would get the joke in the title of her song “Los Ageless,” about a place of ambition... When Ciro Sepulveda said goodbye to his co-workers at San Diego country music station KSON-FM the Friday before last, many were gearing up for the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas. By the following Monday morning, after a gunman had opened fire from the Mandalay Bay hotel and killed 58 concertgoers,...