Music - The Boston Globe
Most popular on BostonGlobe.com
Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Magazine | A nonfiction novella
music
The all-too-human Humans may soon reach their natural limit at honoring the manic theatricality that made them a centerpiece of Boston’s New Wave/art-punk scene in the late ’70s and early ’80s.
music
Longtime friends Dave Alvin and Jimmie Dale Gilmore are touring together as a duo for the first time. ALBUM REVIEW
The orchestra’s relationship with the venerable Deutsche Grammophon label has spanned nearly half a century, and a new 57-CD box set collects it all in one place.
Music Things to Do Fall Arts preview
Read about the latest albums reviewed by the Globe.
Score
Musicians from Marlboro return to the Gardner Museum Nov. 19 with a program including a sidelong declaration of independence: György Ligeti’s “Six Bagatelles” for wind quintet. Album
review
For 27 years the Boston band has mined the deepest recesses of inner life with melancholy and outrage, but never with more dynamic reach than on its new album.
After recording an album together, the indie artists are touring in tandem, with a stop at the Orpheum Saturday.
This week’s picks: Jon Langford’s Four Lost Souls, This Is The Kit, and Juliet and Michael Dinallo. Music Review
On Sunday afternoon in Symphony Hall, concertmaster Aisslinn Nosky directed a program of works by Mozart, Beethoven, and Joseph Bologne, Chevalier de Saint-Georges. Music Review
At any Boston Modern Orchestra Project concert, it’s likely you’ll hear something new that will shake you out of your seat. This was no exception. Music Review
On Thursday night, Charles Dutoit led the BSO in Berlioz’s “The Damnation of Faust.” Opera review
Donizetti’s “L’assedio di Calais” went unstaged for nearly 150 years after its initial performances. Your Week Ahead
Janet Jackson at the TD Garden, “Peter and the Wolf” at Symphony Hall, cheese in Somerville, and more.
INFORMER
Comings and goings of businesses and other organizations in the suburbs west of Boston.
Score
The composers William Billings (1746-1800) and Jeremiah Ingalls (1764-1838) captured the sound of a nascent American culture.
This week’s picks from Globe critics.
The singer-songwriter, touring off her new album “Native Invader,” comes to the Orpheum next Thursday.
Things to Do
Everything fun to do in Boston and beyond. cd review
Aching, vulnerable, and unsparing in detail, the Memphis musician’s creations unravel the impact of mental health and pain on personal relationships: with family, lovers, friends, God.
Many of the sessions will offer perspectives on travel and the concept of home, finding oneself by engaging with literature, and where we as a nation find ourselves politically. Classical Notes | David Weininger
Thanks to two Boston musicians, this weekend brings rare performances of a St. John Passion by composer Georg Philipp Telemann. cd review
Freed from her post-’Idol’ record deal, the singer perhaps has never sounded so confident or comfortable. Album review
Eleven of the 30 tracks on “Live in No Shoes Nation” were recorded at Gillette Stadium, where he’s played 17 times. Music Review
On Sunday evening, Martha Argerich electrified Symphony Hall in a Celebrity Series appearance.
The National Party breached copyright laws by using a song similar to Eminem’s “Lose Yourself” in its campaign ads, a judge ruled.
He may be a 22-year-old from Saskatchewan, but his musical vocabulary is vintage country. Music review
Looking fully committed and in fine voice, Axl Rose performed his familiar, hip-shaking dance moves. But Slash was the center of gravity of the TD Garden show. Music Review
Forsythe was a consistently enlivening presence during a concert marked by uneven ensemble playing.
It was the first time Jimmy Carter, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama gathered since 2013.
Mr. McGhee played with the big bands of Lionel Hampton and Woody Herman. music review
The band’s sold-out show at the Wang Theatre comes amid strong hints that they plan to retire in 2018. Music Review
On Thursday night, Ken-David Masur led the Boston Symphony Orchestra in works by Beethoven and Grieg.   Music Review
John Harbison’s Symphony No. 3 really must be experienced live. This weekend is your chance. Ty Burr
One of the songs of the forgotten or never-known artists who haunt these music services long after they’ve died will turn up in my weekly Discovery playlist and I’ll feel a cold wind on my neck. Score
Witold Lutosławski’s Symphony no. 3 was first performed by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Sir Georg Solti.
The indie band has drawn scrutiny from Mideast governments that consider its music — and frontman Hamed Sinno’s sexual orientation — subversive.
Your guide to the best things to do in Boston and beyond. Album Review
A deluxe reissue of the band’s tour de force includes a live disc recorded at Great Woods in 1986.
Her new album is her first collboration with husband and fellow singer-songwriter Jeffrey Foucault.
New England Conservatory is hosting the free event that features a tribute from pianist Fred Hersch, among many others. Music Review
The singer delivering a bright and celebratory performance ping-ponged through the four decades of song. music review
The Boston Lyric Opera’s “Tosca” hit its mark, making it one of the most enjoyable BLO opening nights in recent memory. Music Review
Thursday night, Symphony Hall rocked with fiddling chops.
A dance party was in full swing — quietly — in the middle of City Hall Plaza Thursday night. MARK YOUR CALENDAR
© 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC