Music - Artists, Events, Portfolios, Photographers, and Apps
Music is a theme that brings art to life. Music is responsive and retina ready, built for artists, events, portfolios, photographers, and even apps. With Music, you can embed a music player, an album playlist, and even better - fullwidth video backgrounds! Create eye-catching pages with your own videos playing behind your content, without touching a line of code! With Themify's very own Builder, you can build an unlimited number of page layouts using drag & drop. Take a look at these various examples created entirely with Builder: All of the above layouts are included in the theme package by default, and you can import them into WordPress and begin using them out of the box! Music gives you full control, either site-wide or per individual page. This means that you can make your entire site share the same look and feel or create a unique look for every page. Select a header/page design from 10 styles (the no header option is perfect for making landing pages where you don't want to have header navigation). And yes, there is a sticky header option as well. The Music theme is completely fluid and responsive, displaying consistently on all devices and resolutions. This feature allows users to browse your site while having the Audio Dock on continuous play. Below are some key features: Take full control of your website design by being able to customize everything from Google fonts, background images and colors, the site logo, the menu navigation design, and even sidebar widgets without touching a single line of code.
Music includes various custom post types and tools to create a website related to music, whether they're artists or bands throwing an event or concert, or just building an app. Each post type has its own beautiful unique layout, so you have a well-designed website as soon as you install Music. Music makes it simple to promote tours, concerts, and events in general. Include a Google map view of the venue, the date and time of your event, and a link for visitors to buy tickets. When you're featured in the press or magazines, Music makes it simple to attach and display press features. One of the most requested features for Themify themes, fullwidth video backgrounds allow you to upload your own videos and have them autoplay as soon as a visitor lands on a section. Bring new life to your pages and sections by adding a video to the background! Compatible with both desktop browsers and mobile devices, the footer music player allows your visitors to enjoy your music as they browse through your website and even select which albums to play. Customize the header backgrounds and menus globally, or change them up for individual posts or pages. Use a custom share badge for visitors to give them the ability to share blog posts, music albums, events, videos, press, galleries, and any other content you can dream off. Photoshop file is the design mockup used by designers to create design customization of the theme. If you are currently using another theme, switch to Themify to get a 50% discount. Click here for more info. Join Theme Club to access all themes Create any kind of layout with live preview on the frontend. It comes with many cool effects like parallax scrolling, background video, animations, and more! Like what you see on our demo? Quickly replicate your site like our demo setup (it is erasable). Then you just need to replace the images and text. All done! Style almost every element of the theme from header to footer. Just point and select, and see it live on the preview. No CSS coding required. Easily insert banner ads anywhere in the template without any coding One-click auto theme update in admin panel, no need to download or FTP. Establish your brand with customizable website logo text, or upload your own logo. Carefully coded with search engine optimization (SEO) best practices in mind. Over 600+ Google Web Fonts can be selected for font styling. Themify comes with Social Icons right out of the box, no need to find your own.