Music Archives | Open Culture archive |
Open Culture
That thrill never goes away, as demonstrated with the above video of Robert Levin, recently announced as the first Hogwood Fellow of the Academy, playing Mozart on Mozart’s own piano. Or rather, Mozart’s fortepiano, a smaller and much lighter version of the piano. It is two octaves shorter, and only seven feet long. “So sitting down at Mozart’s piano, sitting down at an organ which Bach played himself, you understand things about the weight of the keys going down and the repetition and the balance in sound. And all of these things bring you very, very close to the music and make you say 'A-ha, that’s why it’s written that way', which is not the kind of thing you’re going to get if you’re playing on the standard instruments that are being manufactured today” Levin is currently recording Mozart’s piano sonatas on this very fortepiano. The piece he plays in the video is Mozart's Sonata No. 17 in B flat major KV 570 (3rd movement). via Classic FM Related Content: Hear the Pieces Mozart Composed When He Was Only Five Years Old Watch a Musician Improvise on a 500-Year-Old Music Instrument, The Carillon Watch Leonardo da Vinci’s Musical Invention, the Viola Organista, Being Played for the Very First Time
Zappa’s anti-social antics were not bugs but features—he maintained a rabid fanbase no matter what he did because he was a phenomenally talented, irrepressibly creative musician who attracted the best players in the business. The 1977 Halloween show band—including madman drummer Terry Bozzio and King Crimson guitarist Adrian Belew—could not have been in finer form. Zappa’s arrogance may have rubbed non-fans of his music the wrong way, but to those who couldn’t get enough of his virtuoso prog-rock carnival, he had every reason to hold such people in contempt. via @jhoffman Related Content:
Frank Zappa’s Amazing Final Concerts: Prague and Budapest, 1991 Hear the Musical Evolution of Frank Zappa in 401 Songs Frank Zappa Explains the Decline of the Music Business (1987)
Remember how your folks used to freak out about you denting the hood when you capered atop the family Country Squire? Turns out they were right. One of the Transpo' crew's crucial assignments was placing vehicles with specially reinforced hoods and roofs in the spots where dancers had been choreographed to bound on top of them. Getting it wrong early on would have wasted valuable time on a two day shoot that shut down an exit ramp connecting the 110 and 105 freeways. Mercifully, the art department refrained from a total color-coordination blackout. That moment when a gust of wind catches the skirts of the blonde conductor’s yellow dress plays like an intentional tribute to Marilyn Monroe, when in fact it was a lucky accident made all the more glorious by the sunny drawers she was sporting underneath. Other day-of accidents required on-the-fly ingenuity, such as enlisting three burly crew members to provide off screen help to a performer struggling with a malfunctioning door to the truck concealing a Latin band within. (With temperatures soaring to 104°, they were hot in more ways than one.) Moore was determined to keep her carefully plotted moves from feeling too dance-y—the only time the dancers perform in unison is at the very end, right before they hop back down, reenter their vehicles, and slam their doors shut as one.
For a more naturalistic vision, watch director Chazelle’s iPhone footage of the main dancers rehearsing in a parking lot, prior to the shoot. Funny how, left to their own devices, these Angelenos seem to wear almost as much black and grey as their counterparts on the east coast…. Related Content: Rita Hayworth, 1940s Hollywood Icon, Dances Disco to the Tune of The Bee Gees Stayin’ Alive: A Mashup 1944 Instructional Video Teaches You the Lindy Hop, the Dance That Originated in 1920’s Harlem Ballrooms The Addams Family Dance to The Ramones’ “Blitzkrieg Bop”
These kinds of “crass analogies,” as Hoskyns terms it, might seem off-putting and pretentious. But if it seems like Mitchell’s name appears more in the company of famous men than women, it’s an association she made herself.  “Most of my heroes are monsters, unfortunately,” she has said, “and they are men.” Pablo Picasso, Miles Davis, Charles Mingus, whose surname Mitchell took for the title of her tenth album…. “This kind of male-hero worship,” writes Zoladz, “has made Mitchell a difficult figure to some feminist critics.” Indeed, there is something “internet-proof” about Mitchell—her “unruliness” and unwillingness to remain in one place, to play the roles assigned her, to adopt hip stances, pander, or deny herself the freedom to move in unfamiliar artistic directions, making discoveries and risking missteps more cautious artists would avoid.
Related Content: Hear the 150 Greatest Albums by Women: NPR Creates a New Canon of Albums That Puts Women at the Center of Music History For Joni Mitchell’s 70th Birthday, Watch Classic Performances of “Both Sides Now” & “The Circle Game” (1968) Vintage Video of Joni Mitchell Performing in 1965 — Before She Was Even Named Joni Mitchell
Smith “comes off as a force of nature,” writes Mark Cantor, “whose startling power is rivaled in 1920s jazz and blues only by Louis Armstrong.” Like Armstrong, her influence is incalculable. Sadly, the year she made her film appearance is also the year of her decline, when the Great Depression hit her—and the record business—hard, and the very medium she helped launch, sound film, crippled the Vaudeville venues that made her career.
Related Content: Women of Jazz: Stream a Playlist of 91 Recordings by Great Female Jazz Musicians Stream 35 Hours of Classic Blues, Folk, & Bluegrass Recordings from Smithsonian Folkways: 837 Tracks Featuring Lead Belly, Woody Guthrie & More The History of the Blues in 50 Riffs: From Blind Lemon Jefferson (1928) to Joe Bonamassa (2009)
Calling all pediatric dentists!
Tender prenatal and newborn ears might prefer Cat Trumpet’s even gentler harp covers of seven Ghibli tunes, above.
Cat Trumpet’s Relaxing Piano Studio Ghibli Complete Collection 00:00:03 Spirited Away - Inochi no Namae 00:04:14 Howl's Moving Castle - Merry Go Round of Life 00:07:16 Kiki's Delivery Service - Town With An Ocean View 00:09:31 The Secret World of Arrietty - Arrietty's Song 00:13:29 Laputa Castle In The Sky - Carrying You 00:17:05 Porco Rosso - Theme 00:19:55 Whisper of the Heart - Song of the Baron 00:22:33 Porco Rosso - Marco & Gina's Theme 00:26:19 Only Yesterday - Main Theme 00:29:07 From Up On Poppy Hill - Reminiscence 00:34:12 Spirited Away - Shiroi Ryuu 00:37:06 Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind - Tori no Hito 00:41:14 Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind -  Kaze no Densetsu 00:43:25 My Neighbor Totoro - Kaze no Toori Michi 00:47:48 Castle of Cagliostro - Fire Treasure 00:51:38 Princess Mononoke - Tabidachi nishi e 00:53:07 Tales From Earthsea - Teru's Theme 00:58:17 My Neighbor Totoro - Tonari no Totoro 01:02:35 Whisper of the Heart - Theme 01:06:03 Ponyo - Rondo of the Sunflower House 01:10:34 Howl's Moving Castle - The Promise of the World   Cat Trumpet’s Relaxing Harp Studio Ghibli Collection Playlist 00:03 Spirited Away - Inochi no Namae 04:01 Spirited Away - Waltz of Chihiro 06:43 Howls Moving Castle - Merry Go Round of Life 09:45 Howl's Moving Castle - The Promise of the World 13:15 Laputa Castle In The Sky - Main Theme 16:55 Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea - Main Theme 20:15 Tonari no Totoro - Kaze no Toori Michi   Cafe Music BGM’s Relaxing Jazz & Bossa Nova Studio Ghibli Cover Playlist (song titles in Japanese) 0:00 海の見える街  〜魔女の宅急便/Kiki's Delivery Service 4:10 もののけ姫  〜もののけ姫/Princess Mononoke 7:28 君をのせて 〜天空の城ラピュタ/Laputa, the Castle of the Sky 11:09 風の通り道 〜となりのトトロ/My Neibour Totoro 16:26 ひこうき雲 〜風立ちぬ/THE WIND RISES〜 19:48 空とぶ宅急便 〜魔女の宅急便/Kiki's Delivery Service 25:05 人生のメリーゴーランド 〜ハウルの動く城/Howl's Moving Castle 28:07 いつも何度でも 〜千と千尋の神隠し/Spirited Away 32:08 となりのトトロ 〜となりのトトロ/My Neibour Totoro 36:40 さんぽ　〜となりのトトロ/My Neibour Totoro 38:40 崖の上のポニョ 〜崖の上のポニョ/Ponyo 42:08 ねこバス 〜となりのトトロ/My Neibour Totoro 46:06 旅路 〜風立ちぬ/THE WIND RISES 49:16 アシタカとサン 〜もののけ姫/Princess Mononoke 53:38 おかあさん 〜となりのトトロ/My Neibour Totoro 58:19 旅立ち 〜魔女の宅急便/Kiki's Delivery Service 1:02:25 風の谷のナウシカ 〜風の谷のナウシカ/Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind 1:06:59 やさしさに包まれたなら 〜魔女の宅急便/Kiki's Delivery Service   Related Content: Insanely Cute Cat Commercials from Studio Ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki’s Legendary Animation Shop Hayao Miyazaki Picks His 50 Favorite Children’s Books How the Films of Hayao Miyazaki Work Their Animated Magic, Explained in 4 Video Essays
I'd been on an eighteen month tour with Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers. It would be my last. I had no connection to any kind of inspiration. Whatever had been there to begin with had all vanished and shrunk. Tom was at the top of his game and I was at the bottom of mine. I couldn't overcome the odds. Everything was smashed. My own songs had become strangers to me. It wasn't my moment of history anymore. There was a hollowing singing in my heart and I couldn't wait to retire and fold the tent. One more big payday with Petty and that would be it for me. I was what they called over the hill.... The mirror had swung around and I could see the future - an old actor fumbling in garbage cans outside the theatre of past triumphs. Related Content: A 17-Hour, Chronological Journey Through Tom Petty’s Music: Stream the Songs That Became the Soundtracks of Our Lives Watch Tom Petty (RIP) and the Heartbreakers Perform Their Last Song Together, “American Girl”: Recorded on 9/25/17 Bob Dylan & The Grateful Dead Rehearse Together in Summer 1987: Hear 74 Tracks
Get the best cultural and educational resources on the web curated for you in a daily email. We never spam. Unsubscribe at any time.
FOLLOW ON SOCIAL MEDIA if you like our Facebook fanpage, you'll receive more articles like the one you just read!