CASH Music
We've built open source tools that are free to use, now & forever, that let artists easily build web stores, trade downloads for email addresses, set up download codes, & connect to their fans. With our publication, Watt, we ask & answer questions that affect working musicians. We believe the best way to support music is by directly empowering musicians. We make free & open tools that connect all the services you already use in one place. Watt is our publication dedicated to asking and answering the questions that matter. Musicians are leaders, uniting us with songs & ideas. CASH Music is a nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering artists through free and open tools for the web, story-driven education, and new kinds of funding. Bottom line: we help musicians find careers that are healthy for their art and for them. We powered the email-for-download campaigns for RTJ2, Meow The Jewels, and RTJ3. Serving hundreds of thousands of RTJ downloads, our tools helped Run The Jewels connect directly to their devoted fanbase, giving them the freedom to be as real as they want. For the reissue of 'Revolution Girl Style Now' the band needed a store that would live on their own site, fit their aesthetic, and work without middlemen between them and their audience. We built it and now it's free for everyone to use. Watt is our publication dedicated to making it easier to be one.
On Watt we explore the economic, technology, culture, and health issues facing musicians. We believe in empowering artists through tools and knowledge. A world with a healthy artist class is one from which we all benefit. Empowered musicians can focus on creating great music, connecting with their audience, and taking care of themselves, which in turn takes care of us. Sell music using your own Stripe or Paypal account. Make download codes using files from your Amazon S3 or Google Drive Account. Sync all your mailing lists to MailChimp automatically. All free, now and forever. Our open tools put you at the center of your career. Explore tools Watt explores the economic, technology, culture, and health issues facing musicians. Tools are only as good as the knowledge behind them. Watt features experience and ideas from musicians, research from writers and academics, and editorial writing. Together we can build a world that sustains a healthy artist class. Explore Watt The CASH Music Revolving Fund is a work in progress, imagining a new way forward for funding. Sometimes all an artist needs to unlock earnings from their work is some up-front money to pay for merch, production, etc. The Revolving Fund is a pay-it-forward no-interest lending program designed to to help artists as entrepreneurs. Find out more