musical.ly - video social app on the App Store
We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app musical.ly - video social app by musical.ly Inc., get iTunes now.
Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now. This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices.
It's a great app and all but there's just a few problems. First the new update doesn't have it to where you can re-edit your musically if you messed up. Which makes me really mad because there was a musically that I messed up on and after you publish it you can't re-edit it. Secondly, when I was making a musically I thought it would be one of my best, but when I clicked the next button then it only played half of the musically and not all of it!!! I got really REALLY angry because it was the musically that I could not re-do because it was super SUPER hard to make! Plus I knew it was going to come out great before that happened!!! I also tested to make sure that this was a bug by doing the same sound but not really doing anything but just holding the phone there and letting it play. Then when I hit next it played the whole thing rather than playing half (which is what happened to me) which made me VERRRYYYYYYY mad because apparently it was supposed to work, but it didn't for me because of bugs!!!!!😡😡😡Please PLEASE fix the bugs because there are lots. I've had musically for a year or so and I'm not happy how it's become I absolutely hate the new update! please! PLEASE go back to the old update!
I really love this app but there are some things I noticed. We need more security! There are many slime accounts and just accounts in general and a lot of them are getting hacked. We need to do something about it we can't just let all these innocent people get hacked. They will need to start over and gain other fans back their hearts back there emoji love back and that's not easy! You need more security especially on public accounts. I mean I'm private accounts there is some security which doesn't allow strangers to look at your musically's, but I'm public accounts there are some major issues! Hate!! I mean there's nothing you can really do about that but some people just need to chill. It's like they have nothing better to do. I'm pretty sure there's more issues that other people are having but these are the really big issues that I'm having no other issues that I've been really having so thank you. By the way thanks for the great app musically is lucky to have you.
Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.