Music - The New York Times
Advertisement The latest installment in the “Bootleg Series” provides new perspective on the songwriter’s controversial Christian years. The British pop singer, who has a new album, tried to come out on his own terms. But now he’s listening. Gertrude Stein and Virgil Thomson’s “The Mother of Us All,” a fanciful opera about Susan B. Anthony, will be staged at a Hudson, N.Y., hall where Anthony spoke. The young singer-songwriter has a gift for writing with a male antagonist in mind — and dismissing him. “Turandot,” “La Bohème” and “Madama Butterfly” fielded casts that were competent but hardly individual or noteworthy. Also the week of Nov. 5: a Rolling Stone documentary on HBO; and a Dominick Argento concert at Carnegie Hall. Our guide to the city’s best classical music and opera. A film critic and a music critic discuss a new work at the Metropolitan Opera: Thomas Adès’s “crazily varied” adaptation of Luis Buñuel’s 1962 film. The conductor, who helped spur American classical music’s westward expansion, will step down as the orchestra’s music director in 2020, when he will be 75. Debussy, Steve Reich and Michael Tilson Thomas's mavericks were among the highlights. The association later apologized and rescinded its guidelines, which threatened to revoke journalists’ access to an awards show if they focused on politics. By DANIEL VICTOR A new exhibition of the rock star’s memorabilia at the O2 concert arena in London shows how carefully he orchestrated his public persona. By EKOW ESHUN Our guide to pop and rock shows and the best of live jazz. She’ll play Nala alongside Donald Glover’s Simba, with Billy Eichner and Seth Rogen appearing as Timon and Pumbaa. By REGGIE UGWU Mr. Kremer paired Mieczyslaw Weinberg’s preludes with images of life in the Soviet Union. By CORINNA da FONSECA-WOLLHEIM Mr. Abrams was known both for his diverse, unclassifiable music and for helping to found a long-running Chicago-based musicians’ collective. By HOWARD MANDEL In addition to his gig on “The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon,” the hip-hop innovator stars in “The Deuce” and has a new sneaker collection. By BARRY MICHAEL COOPER Experience an intimate show of Inuit throat singing from Tanya Tagaq and Laakkuluk Williamson Bathory in Iqaluit, on the edge of the Canadian Arctic. Ms. Tagaq will perform at Carnegie Hall on Sunday, Nov. 5. By KAITLYN MULLIN and NATHAN GRIFFITHS Listen to pieces written by Nico Muhly, David Lang and more for the Psalms Experience, which runs through Nov. 11 at Lincoln Center. By JOSHUA BARONE Vinyl sings across the decades in the Wooster Group’s transcendent presentation of a 1965 album of songs from a Texas chain gang. By BEN BRANTLEY One year after Mr. Dylan won the prize, Simon & Schuster has also published “100 Songs” and a new edition of “Bob Dylan: The Essential Interviews.” By JOHN WILLIAMS The rapper, known for his high-energy live shows, incited the mayhem that led a young man to be pushed from a third-floor balcony, according to a lawsuit. By JOE COSCARELLI Monk@100, a 10-day festival in North Carolina, showed what makes him jazz’s most popular composer to cover, and one of its most difficult. By GIOVANNI RUSSONELLO When Mr. Horan’s new album, “Flicker,” hit No. 1, One Direction joined the Beatles as the only bands to have three members top the chart with solo albums. By BEN SISARIO While the jukebox musical has a cartoonish plot, songs like “Friend of the Devil” and “Box of Rain” work smartly on stage. By ELISABETH VINCENTELLI The musician and producer wandered through his old neighborhood and talked about his new album, “Half-Light.” By MAX BERLINGER The brilliant, thoughtful Daniil Trifonov kicked off a bold series of Perspectives programs at Carnegie Hall with a homage to Chopin. By ANTHONY TOMMASINI Claude Vivier, who died violently in 1983 at just 34, has gotten greater attention in recent years, including a new staging in Toronto. By ZACHARY WOOLFE At the opening of his “4:44” tour, Jay-Z showcased his effortless delivery and tried to translate the intimacy of that album’s themes to a large room. By JON CARAMANICA Every week, stay on top of the latest in pop and jazz with reviews, interviews, podcasts and more from The New York Times music critics.
Music Popcast Debussy, Steve Reich and Michael Tilson Thomas's mavericks were among the highlights. The association later apologized and rescinded its guidelines, which threatened to revoke journalists’ access to an awards show if they focused on politics. By DANIEL VICTOR A new exhibition of the rock star’s memorabilia at the O2 concert arena in London shows how carefully he orchestrated his public persona. By EKOW ESHUN Our guide to pop and rock shows and the best of live jazz. She’ll play Nala alongside Donald Glover’s Simba, with Billy Eichner and Seth Rogen appearing as Timon and Pumbaa. By REGGIE UGWU Mr. Kremer paired Mieczyslaw Weinberg’s preludes with images of life in the Soviet Union. By CORINNA da FONSECA-WOLLHEIM Mr. Abrams was known both for his diverse, unclassifiable music and for helping to found a long-running Chicago-based musicians’ collective. By HOWARD MANDEL In addition to his gig on “The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon,” the hip-hop innovator stars in “The Deuce” and has a new sneaker collection. By BARRY MICHAEL COOPER Experience an intimate show of Inuit throat singing from Tanya Tagaq and Laakkuluk Williamson Bathory in Iqaluit, on the edge of the Canadian Arctic. Ms. Tagaq will perform at Carnegie Hall on Sunday, Nov. 5. By KAITLYN MULLIN and NATHAN GRIFFITHS Listen to pieces written by Nico Muhly, David Lang and more for the Psalms Experience, which runs through Nov. 11 at Lincoln Center. By JOSHUA BARONE Vinyl sings across the decades in the Wooster Group’s transcendent presentation of a 1965 album of songs from a Texas chain gang. By BEN BRANTLEY One year after Mr. Dylan won the prize, Simon & Schuster has also published “100 Songs” and a new edition of “Bob Dylan: The Essential Interviews.” By JOHN WILLIAMS The rapper, known for his high-energy live shows, incited the mayhem that led a young man to be pushed from a third-floor balcony, according to a lawsuit. By JOE COSCARELLI Monk@100, a 10-day festival in North Carolina, showed what makes him jazz’s most popular composer to cover, and one of its most difficult. By GIOVANNI RUSSONELLO When Mr. Horan’s new album, “Flicker,” hit No. 1, One Direction joined the Beatles as the only bands to have three members top the chart with solo albums. By BEN SISARIO While the jukebox musical has a cartoonish plot, songs like “Friend of the Devil” and “Box of Rain” work smartly on stage. By ELISABETH VINCENTELLI The musician and producer wandered through his old neighborhood and talked about his new album, “Half-Light.” By MAX BERLINGER The brilliant, thoughtful Daniil Trifonov kicked off a bold series of Perspectives programs at Carnegie Hall with a homage to Chopin. By ANTHONY TOMMASINI Claude Vivier, who died violently in 1983 at just 34, has gotten greater attention in recent years, including a new staging in Toronto. By ZACHARY WOOLFE At the opening of his “4:44” tour, Jay-Z showcased his effortless delivery and tried to translate the intimacy of that album’s themes to a large room. By JON CARAMANICA Go to Home Page »