The 10 Algorithms Machine Learning Engineers Need to Know
KDnuggets SOFTWARE NEWS Top stories Opinions Tutorials JOBS Companies Courses Datasets EDUCATION Certificates Meetings Webinars
Read this introductory list of contemporary machine learning algorithms of importance that every engineer should understand.
It is no doubt that the sub-field of machine learning / artificial intelligence has increasingly gained more popularity in the past couple of years. As Big Data is the hottest trend in the tech industry at the moment, machine learning is incredibly powerful to make predictions or calculated suggestions based on large amounts of data. Some of the most common examples of machine learning are Netflix’s algorithms to make movie suggestions based on movies you have watched in the past or Amazon’s algorithms that recommend books based on books you have bought before. Supervised Learning From a business decision point of view, a decision tree is the minimum number of yes/no questions that one has to ask, to assess the probability of making a correct decision, most of the time. As a method, it allows you to approach the problem in a structured and systematic way to arrive at a logical conclusion. Some of real world examples are: To mark an email as spam or not spam
Classify a news article about technology, politics, or sports
Check a piece of text expressing positive emotions, or negative emotions?
Used for face recognition software.
Linear refers the kind of model you are using to fit the data, while least squares refers to the kind of error metric you are minimizing over. In general, regressions can be used in real-world applications such as: Credit Scoring
Measuring the success rates of marketing campaigns
Predicting the revenues of a certain product
Is there going to be an earthquake on a particular day?
In terms of scale, some of the biggest problems that have been solved using SVMs (with suitably modified implementations) are display advertising, human splice site recognition, image-based gender detection, large-scale image classification... Top Stories Past 30 Days Latest News More Recent StoriesFind a Job in Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning
Business Ideas Business Plans Startup Basics Startup Funding Franchising Success Stories Entrepreneurs Sales & Marketing Finances Your Team Technology Social Media Security Get the Job Get Ahead Office Life Work-Life Balance Home Office Leadership Women in Business Managing Strategy Personal Growth HR Solutions Financial Solutions Marketing Solutions Security Solutions Retail Solutions SMB Solutions Business Ideas Business Plans Startup Basics Startup Funding Franchising Success Stories Entrepreneurs Sales & Marketing Finances Your Team Technology Social Media Security Get the Job Get Ahead Office Life Work-Life Balance Home Office Leadership Women in Business Managing Strategy Personal Growth HR Solutions Financial Solutions Marketing Solutions Security Solutions Retail Solutions SMB Solutions How to Get a Job in AI or Machine Learning Ed Tittel, Business News Daily Contributor MORE
Credit: Phonlamai Photos/Shutterstock Computer scientist Arthur Samuel is rumored to have said that machine learning is an aspect of his field that gives "computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed." That's why machine learning is also considered an element of artificial intelligence, or AI, which deals more generally with how computers can figure things out for themselves. Essentially, the idea is that, given a good set of starting rules and opportunities to interact with data and situations, computers can program themselves, or improve upon basic programs provided for them. In the mid-1980s, computer scientists hoped to reshape computing and the ability of computers to understand and interact with the world. There was a huge infusion of interest, enthusiasm and cash at that time, but AI did not change the world as we knew it then. Over time, AI was found to be suitable for a relatively narrow set of computing tasks, such as creating viable configurations for complex computes. But AI neither set the world on fire nor redefined its boundaries and shape. More than 30 years later, AI in general and machine learning are enjoying a spectacular renaissance. These technologies are being successfully applied to deal with all kinds of interesting problems in computing, and are enjoying a broad range of success. Notable accomplishments for machine learning include email filtering, intrusion detection, optical character recognition and computer vision. Machine learning and AI have proven quite effective in applying computation statistics to use data analytics to make predictions and spot trends. Machine learning is hot, hot, hot Because some companies build or use technologies that employ machine learning and AI, there has been considerable demand for skilled and knowledgeable researchers and developers. But if anything explains a sudden, sharp spike in demand for such people, it's the increasingly pervasive use of predictive analytics across many fields of business. Most of the Fortune 500, and a great many other companies and organizations outside that fold, are now using predictive analytics to seek a competitive edge, or to improve their overall ability to deliver goods and services to customers, clients or citizens. Individuals trained in machine learning are now in considerable demand across the entire employment spectrum. That explains the six-figure salaries that are increasingly the norm for those who land such jobs. Of course, for many who already work in IT or who are heading in that direction, this raises the question of "how can I get a job in AI or machine learning?" The answers are straightforward, if somewhat labor-intensive and time-consuming. The traditional approach: Get a degree Make the most of MOOC offerings For those who can't break away from life and work to pursue a full-time degree on campus, massively open online courses, aka MOOCs, offer a variety of alternatives. MOOCs can encompass actual degree programs at reputable universities, certificate programs that provide ample training but don't confer a full-fledged degree, or mapped-out curricula in machine learning or AI that cover the ground in as much depth as one might wish to learn the subject matter. Udacity offers hundreds of courses of varying length, complexity and depth in this area. edX's machine learning offerings include a certificate program from Microsoft, as well as numerous graduate-level courses and curricula from well-known colleges and universities. MIT offers a plethora of online courses in this area, for paid-for college credit or free online audit. Stanford also offers a collection of machine learning courses for credit or audit. Hands-on is where learning gets real Anyone who digs into this subject matter should anticipate spending upward of 15 hours a week on programming tasks, in addition to attending lectures, completing reading assignments, writing papers and all the other tasks that modern learning demands of students nowadays. When you're ready to rock, let the world know Once you've finished that degree, obtained your certificate or knocked off a significant chunk of curricula, you can start positioning yourself to current or prospective employers as someone with skills and knowledge in machine learning and AI. Unless you also have picked up some hands-on, real-world experience in reaching this professional milestone, remain humble about your skills and abilities in this arena. Warnings aside, the prospects for those who can see themselves through the time, effort and expense of mastering machine learning and AI should be bright. Ed is a 30-year-plus veteran of the computing industry, who has worked as a programmer, a technical manager, a classroom instructor, a network consultant and a technical evangelist for companies that include Burroughs, Schlumberger, Novell, IBM/Tivoli and NetQoS. He has written for numerous publications, including Tom's IT Pro, and is the author of more than 140 computing books on information security, web markup languages and development tools, and Windows operating systems. See All Business Ideas Business Plans Startup Basics Startup Funding Franchising Success Stories Entrepreneurs Sales & Marketing Finances Your Team Technology Social Media Security Get the Job Get Ahead Office Life Work-Life Balance Home Office Leadership Women in Business Managing Strategy Personal Growth HR Solutions Financial Solutions Marketing Solutions Security Solutions Retail Solutions SMB Solutions Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Anand Tech Active Junky ShopSavvyMachine Learning
Total €239.99 Computer Science Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Home Choose your discipline: Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics Communication Networks Database Management & Information Retrieval
General Issues Hardware HCI
Image Processing
Information Systems and Applications
LNCS Media Design Security and Cryptology Software Engineering Theoretical Computer Science Browse Journals in: Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics Communication Networks Database Management & Information Retrieval General Issues Hardware HCI Image Processing Information Systems and Applications Security and Cryptology Software Engineering Theoretical Computer Science: Foundations Theoretical Computer Science: Mathematics All journals in Computer Science All journals in Computer Science Browse Books in: Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics Communication Networks Database Management & Information Retrieval General Issues Hardware HCI Image Processing Information Systems and Applications Media Design Security and Cryptology Software Engineering Theoretical Computer Science: Foundations Theoretical Computer Science: Mathematics LNCS LNCS Browse Textbooks in: Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics Communication Networks Database Management & Information Retrieval General Issues Hardware HCI Image Processing Information Systems and Applications Media Design Security and Cryptology Software Engineering Theoretical Computer Science: Foundations Theoretical Computer Science: Mathematics LNCS (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) Tutorials All Textbooks in Computer Science Close RSS RSS Reddit Reddit Technorati Technorati Print this site Print this site Delicious Delicious Digg Digg CiteULike CiteULike Machine Learning ISSN:
0885-6125 ISSN:
1573-0565 10994 $199.00 Personal Rate e-only for the Americas Online subscription, valid from January through December of current calendar year Immediate access to this year's issues via SpringerLink 1 Volume(-s) with 12 issue(-s) per annual subscription Automatic annual renewal About this journal About this journal About this journal Editorial Board Editorial Board CALL FOR PAPERS (SPECIAL ISSUES) CALL FOR PAPERS (SPECIAL ISSUES) Ethics & Disclosures Ethics & Disclosures
An international forum for research on computational approaches to learning.
Reports substantive results on a wide range of learning methods applied to a variety of learning problems.
Provides solid support via empirical studies, theoretical analysis, or comparison to psychological phenomena.
Shows how to apply learning methods to solve important applications problems.
Improves how machine learning research is conducted.
Machine Learning is an international forum for research on computational approaches to learning. The journal publishes articles reporting substantive results on a wide range of learning methods applied to a variety of learning problems.
The journal features papers that describe research on problems and methods, applications research, and issues of research methodology. Papers making claims about learning problems or methods provide solid support via empirical studies, theoretical analysis, or comparison to psychological phenomena. Applications papers show how to apply learning methods to solve important applications problems. Research methodology papers improve how machine learning research is conducted.
All papers describe the supporting evidence in ways that can be verified or replicated by other researchers. The papers also detail the learning component clearly and discuss assumptions regarding knowledge representation and the performance task. Related subjects » Artificial Intelligence
-
Control Engineering   Journal Citation Reports®   Science Citation Index, Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, SCOPUS, PsycINFO, INSPEC, Zentralblatt Math, Google Scholar, Academic OneFile, ACM Digital Library, Computer Abstracts International Database, Computer Science Index, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/Engineering, Computing
and Technology, DBLP, Earthquake Engineering Abstracts, EBSCO Applied Science & Technology Source, EBSCO Discovery Service, EI-Compendex, Gale, io-port.net, Mathematical Reviews, OCLC, OmniFile, PASCAL, PSYCLINE, Referativnyi Zhurnal (VINITI), Science Select, SCImago, Summon by ProQuest Science Citation Index, Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, SCOPUS, PsycINFO, INSPEC, Zentralblatt Math, Google Scholar, Academic OneFile, ACM Digital Library, Computer Abstracts International Database, Computer Science Index, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/Engineering, Computing
and Technology, DBLP, Earthquake Engineering Abstracts, EBSCO Applied Science & Technology Source, EBSCO Discovery Service, EI-Compendex, Gale, io-port.net, Mathematical Reviews, OCLC, OmniFile, PASCAL, PSYCLINE, Referativnyi Zhurnal (VINITI), Science Select, SCImago, Summon by ProQuest Your Shopping Cart Subtotal: To cart Your marked items
You have no marked items.
Import List
You are not logged in! Please log in to edit your catalogs.
Read this Journal on Springerlink Online First Articles All Volumes & Issues For authors and editors Journal Citation Reports® 2016  Impact Factor 1.848 Aims and Scope Aims and Scope Close Submit Online Open Choice - Your Way to Open Access Instructions for Authors Instructions for Authors Close Types of papers Types of papers Close Editorial procedure Publication agreement Close Resources for Journal Authors Author Academy: Training for Authors Services for the Journal Contacts Contacts Close Customer Service Anzeigen Advertising Download Product Flyer Shipping Dates Shipping Dates Close
2017
9/106
22.09.17
2017
8/106
30.07.17
2017
7/106
08.07.17
2017
6/106
21.05.17
2017
5/106
27.04.17
2017
4/106
27.04.17
2017
3/106
26.02.17
2017
2/106
28.01.17
2017
10/106
22.09.17
2017
1/106
16.01.17
Order Back Issues Bulk Orders Article Reprints Alerts for this journal Machine Learning Submit Artificial Intelligence (incl. Robotics) Shopping Cart MySpringer Login/Registration SpringerAlerts Company Media Compliance Careers Affiliate Program Help Overview Order FAQ Contact Us Imprint Legal Springer /*<![CDATA[*/
wt = $.extend(new webtrekkV3({
"customerId": "",
"form": "0",
"contentGroup": {
"1": "Computer",
"2": "AI"
},
"domain": "www.springer.com;checkout.springer.com;secure.worldpay.com",
"heatmap": "0",
"linkTrack": "link",
"contentId": "Computer.10994_Machine Learning.aboutThis"
}), {
"product": "10994_Machine Learning",
"productStatus": "view",
"customParameter": {"5": "subjects;Computer;journals;STM"},
"productCategory": {
"3": "Computer",
"2": "EN",
"1": "journal subscription",
"5": "Springer US",
"4": ""
},
"mediaCode": "wt_mc;cm_mmc",
"linkTrackDownloads": "avi;bmp;csv;doc;docx;dotx;eps;exe;gif;gz;jpeg;jpg;m4v;mov;mp3;mp4;mpg;pdf;png;ppt;pptx;ps;rss;rtf;swf;tar;tar.gz;tgz;tif;txt;wmv;xls;xlsx;zip"
});
wt.sendinfo();
/*]]>*/xkcd: Machine Learning
Archive What If? Blag Store About |< < Prev Random Next > >| |< < Prev Random Next > >|Quantum machine learning
Home Physics Quantum Physics Quantum machine learning Language acquisition in young children is apparently connected with their ability to detect patterns. In their learning process, they search for patterns in the data set that help them identify and optimize grammar structures in order to properly acquire the language. Likewise, online translators use algorithms through machine learning techniques to optimize their translation engines to produce well-rounded and understandable outcomes. Even though many translations did not make much sense at all at the beginning, in these past years we have been able to see major improvements thanks to machine learning.
Machine learning techniques use mathematical algorithms and tools to search for patterns in data. These techniques have become powerful tools for many different applications, which can range from biomedical uses such as in cancer reconnaissance, in genetics and genomics, in autism monitoring and diagnosis and even plastic surgery, to pure applied physics, for studying the nature of materials, matter or even complex quantum systems. Capable of adapting and changing when exposed to a new set of data, machine learning can identify patterns, often outperforming humans in accuracy. Although machine learning is a powerful tool, certain application domains remain out of reach due to complexity or other aspects that rule out the use of the predictions that learning algorithms provide. Thus, in recent years, quantum machine learning has become a matter of interest because of is vast potential as a possible solution to these unresolvable challenges and quantum computers show to be the right tool for its solution. Firstly, they set out to give an in-depth view of the status of current supervised and unsupervised learning protocols in classical machine learning by stating all applied methods. They introduce quantum machine learning and provide an extensive approach on how this technique could be used to analyse both classical and quantum data, emphasizing that quantum machines could accelerate processing timescales thanks to the use of quantum annealers and universal quantum computers. Quantum annealing technology has better scalability, but more limited use cases. For instance, the latest iteration of D-Wave's superconducting chip integrates two thousand qubits, and it is used for solving certain hard optimization problems and for efficient sampling. On the other hand, universal (also called gate-based) quantum computers are harder to scale up, but they are able to perform arbitrary unitary operations on qubits by sequences of quantum logic gates. This resembles how digital computers can perform arbitrary logical operations on classical bits. However, they address the fact that controlling a quantum system is very complex and analyzing classical data with quantum resources is not as straightforward as one may think, mainly due to the challenge of building quantum interface devices that allow classical information to be encoded into a quantum mechanical form. Difficulties, such as the "input" or "output" problems appear to be the major technical challenge that needs to be overcome. The ultimate goal is to find the most optimized method that is able to read, comprehend and obtain the best outcomes of a data set, be it classical or quantum. Quantum machine learning is definitely aimed at revolutionizing the field of computer sciences, not only because it will be able to control quantum computers, speed up the information processing rates far beyond current classical velocities, but also because it is capable of carrying out innovative functions, such quantum deep learning, that could not only recognize counter-intuitive patterns in data, invisible to both classical machine learning and to the human eye, but also reproduce them. As Peter Wittek finally states, "Writing this paper was quite a challenge: we had a committee of six co-authors with different ideas about what the field is, where it is now, and where it is going. We rewrote the paper from scratch three times. The final version could not have been completed without the dedication of our editor, to whom we are indebted."
319 Featured Last comments Popular Related Stories Physicists have developed a quantum machine learning algorithm that can handle infinite dimensions—that is, it works with continuous variables (which have an infinite number of possible values on a closed interval) instead ... (Phys.org)—Physicists have found that the structure of certain types of quantum learning algorithms is very similar to their classical counterparts—a finding that will help scientists further develop the quantum versions. ... (Phys.org)—Over the past few decades, quantum effects have greatly improved many areas of information science, including computing, cryptography, and secure communication. More recently, research has suggested that quantum ... Our computers, even the fastest ones, seem unable to withstand the needs of the enormous quantity of data produced in our technological society. That's why scientists are working on computers using quantum physics, or quantum ... Quantum computers of the future hold promise for solving complex problems more quickly than ordinary computers. For example, they can factor large numbers exponentially faster than classical computers, which would allow them ... (Phys.org)—Physicists have applied the ability of machine learning algorithms to learn from experience to one of the biggest challenges currently facing quantum computing: quantum error correction, which is used to design ... Recommended for you When x-rays shine onto solid materials or large molecules, an electron is pushed away from its original place near the nucleus of the atom, leaving a hole behind. For a long time, scientists have suspected that the liberated ... (Phys.org)—A team of researchers with the University of California and SRI International has developed a new type of cooling device that is both portable and efficient. In their paper published in the journal Science, the ... In a pioneering effort to control, measure and understand magnetism at the atomic level, researchers working at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) have discovered a new method for manipulating the nanoscale ... The world of nanosensors may be physically small, but the demand is large and growing, with little sign of slowing. As electronic devices get smaller, their ability to provide precise, chip-based sensing of dynamic physical ... Identical twins are similar to each other in many ways, but they have different experiences, friends, and lifestyles. The era of full-fledged quantum computers threatens to destroy internet security as we know it. Researchers are in a race against time to prepare new cryptographic techniques before the arrival of quantum computers, as cryptographers ...
0 comments
Nanotechnology All Nanotechnology Bio & Medicine Nanomaterials Nanophysics Physics All Physics Condensed Matter General Physics Optics & Photonics Plasma Physics Quantum Physics Soft Matter Superconductivity Earth All Earth Earth Sciences Environment Astronomy & Space All Astronomy & Space Astronomy Space Exploration Technology All Technology Business Computer Sciences Consumer & Gadgets Energy & Green Tech Engineering Hardware Hi Tech & Innovation Internet Other Robotics Security Semiconductors Software Telecom Chemistry All Chemistry Analytical Chemistry Biochemistry Materials Science Other Polymers Biology All Biology Biotechnology Cell & Microbiology Ecology Evolution Other Plants & Animals Other Sciences All Other Sciences Archaeology & Fossils Economics & Business Mathematics Other Social Sciences Enter your Science X account credentials Top Home Search Mobile version Help FAQ About Contact Science X Account Sponsored Account Newsletter RSS feeds Feature Stories Latest news Week's top Archive Android app iOS app Amazon Kindle Connect Privacy Policy Terms of UseRendezvous Server to the Rescue: Dealing with Machine Learning Logistics -
NYC Machine Learning (New York, NY)
| Meetup
Create a Meetup Log in Sign up NYC Machine Learning Rendezvous Server to the Rescue: Dealing with Machine Learning Logistics Tell a friend Thursday, September 21, 2017 7:00 PM New York NY 40.739159 -73.993233 If you have put machine learning models into production, you’ve lived the truth of the maxim that 90% of what makes machine learning work is the logistics, not the learning. That 90% comes from many things, including the need to stage and deploy multiple versions of each model, to carefully collect and curate updated training data and to monitor model performance. Lately we have added scale, speed and the need to handle multiple machine learning frameworks at the same time to make the problem more difficult.  There is a way to make this easier and more effective – the rendezvous architecture. It makes use of recent advances in streaming micro-services, containerization, and orchestration. It solves many of the problems involved in continuous deployment of machine learning models. In presenting the rendezvous architecture, I’ll cover techniques for model deployment, management, monitoring and comparison. After the talk, we will have an open discussion about where this effort should go from here.  Bio Ted Dunning is Chief Applications Architect at MapR Technologies and a board member for the Apache Software Foundation, as well as PMC member/ committer of the Apache Mahout, Apache Zookeeper and Apache Drill projects and served as mentor for several incubator projects. He has contributed to clustering, classification, matrix decomposition algorithms in Mahout and to the new Mahout Math library. He designed the t-digest algorithm used in several open source projects and by a variety of companies.  Ted was chief architect behind the MusicMatch (now Yahoo Music) and Veoh recommendation systems, built fraud-detection systems for ID Analytics (now LifeLock) and has 24 issued patents to date. Ted has a PhD in computing science from University of Sheffield. He is on Twitter as @ted_dunning. Hit enter to add your reply Guys I want to come it is amazing but i am not able to join this time as it is about 1 and half hour train ride and going back is going to be very late. Is there any webex or online portal where i can join online. Hasan
Want to go? 250
ML @Point72
CTO @ Better. Likes machine learning and data.
I have worked on NLP projects at NYU (GALE, sentiment mining, people search)
technology leader. Still useful and interested in ML
Current ML/AI Masters Degree Student @ Georgia Tech
Hi Into AI
Data Eng, sport and music lover
NYU CS
NYU CS student.
deep learning
Hi, I am new to the city
Healthcare, operations research, data science... Impact!
Researcher at eBay
data science @ Space Jam Data, looking for cool side projects! get in touch.
Big data enthusiast
Data Science/Data Eng at New York Times
data scientist @ shopkeep
An economist, data scientist and analytics consultant.
Healthcare analytics at Memorial Sloan Kettering
noob to NYC love ML worked in the field off and on for last 5 years
.Net, Haskell and Clojure software developer
I work with big data sets in ad tech, particularly interested in visualization and machine learning.
Principal Technologist, MapR. Committer Apache Drill & Apache Mahout, O'Reilly author.
holler
Data scientist at Dia&Co
Data Scientist @ Dia&Co
Credit Risk Modeller at CBA
Hi!
34
Hi.
developer
16
First year CS grad student. I am interested in learning about ML and its overall implementation­.
ML enthusiast. Founder, littleSTEM Books.
You're all set! New York
NY
Members 11,122 Group reviews 69 Upcoming Meetups 1 Past Meetups 119 Our calendar
Help support your Meetup
× A group to discuss machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, knowledge representation, and artificial intelligence. Meetings will cover research papers and algorithms in the field. We'll also try to occasionally bring in a speaker to talk about their work. 4,208 Quants 4,735 Data Scientists 20,315 Entrepreneurs 6,125 Data Scientists 4,188 Data Skeptics 3,765 Dockers Made in NYC
© 2017 Meetup
Privacy Terms
Sign up
Continue with Facebook Continue with Google Continue with Facebook Continue with Google Continue with Facebook Continue with Google Sign up
Sign up using FacebookMachine Learning & AI Foundations: Value Estimations
Toggle Navigation Lynda.com from LinkedIn 3D + Animation See All Topics See All 3D + Animation See All Software See All 3D + Animation See All Learning Paths See All Audio + Music See All Topics See All Audio + Music See All Software See All Audio + Music See All Learning Paths See All Business See All Topics See All Business See All Software See All Business See All Learning Paths See All Business Starting a Business Becoming a Manager CAD See All Topics See All CAD See All Software See All CAD See All Learning Paths See All Design See All Topics See All Design See All Software See All Design See All Learning Paths See All Developer See All Topics See All Developer See All Software See All Developer See All Learning Paths See All Education + Elearning See All Topics See All Education + Elearning See All Software See All Education + Elearning See All Learning Paths See All IT See All Topics See All IT See All Software See All IT See All Learning Paths See All Marketing See All Topics See All Marketing See All Software See All Marketing See All Learning Paths See All Photography See All Topics See All Photography See All Software See All Photography See All Learning Paths See All Video See All Topics See All Video See All Software See All Video See All Learning Paths See All Web See All Topics See All Web See All Software See All Web See All Learning Paths See All Web Starting a Career in UX Design Clear Search Search
Solutions for: &vert; Toggle search bar Close this alert message IT Big Data Machine Learning & AI Foundations: Value Estimations Share Keyboard Shortcuts
Keyboard Shortcuts
Course
3/22/2017 Setting up the development environment Building a simple home value estimator Finding the best weights automatically Working with large data sets efficiently Training a supervised machine learning model Exploring a home value data set Deciding how much data is needed Preparing the features Training the value estimator Measuring accuracy with mean absolute error Improving a system Using the machine learning model to make predictions 1h 4m 99,285 Show More Show Less - [Adam] How do websites automatically determine how much a house is worth? This is an example of using machine learning for value estimation. A machine learning model uses information from other homes sold in the area and produces a value estimate for a different house. Hi, I'm Adam Geitgey and I'd like to welcome you to this course where you'll build a value estimation system that can automatically deduce the value of your house based on its location and characteristics. First, we'll cover how to use training data to build a machine learning model. Then we'll explore how to use that machine learning model in your own programs. But the skills you'll develop in this course aren't limited to real estate. You can use the exact same approach to solve any kind of value estimation problem with machine learning. Let's dive in. Related Courses Preview course Data Science Foundations: Fundamentals 3h 6m Beginner Preview course Learning Data Science: Understanding the Basics 1h 16m Appropriate for all Preview course Machine Learning & AI Foundations: Decision Trees 1h 16m Beginner Preview course Machine Learning & AI: Advanced Decision Trees 1h 16m Advanced Clear Search Search 42s 21s 31s 2m 21s 3m 11s 2m 45s 2m 37s 4m 7s 2m 6s 1m 22s 2m 58s 2m 22s 3m 55s 2m 56s 53s 2m 4s 4m 11s 3m 19s 1m 50s 1m 48s 1m 3s 2m 51s 1m 31s 2m 44s 2m 46s 2m 26s 2m 39s 1m 48s 48s Show More Show Less Mark as unwatched Mark as unwatched Mark all as unwatched Mark all as unwatched Are you sure you want to mark all the videos in this course as unwatched? This will not affect your course history, your reports, or your certificates of completion for this course. Cancel Take notes with your new membership! 1:30 1:30   Start Your Free Trial Now You started this assessment previously and didn't complete it. You can pick up where you left off, or start over. Share this video Embed this video Video: Welcome This movie is locked and only viewable to logged-in members. Embed the preview of this course instead. About Us Products Support Apps Connect RSS feed Follow us on Twitter Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Google+ © 2017 LinkedIn Corporation Site Map Privacy policy Web Use Policy Cookie Policy Lynda.com | from LinkedIn Go to top of page × Thank you for taking the time to let us know what you think of our site. We were unable to submit your feedback. Try againMachine Learning | Electrical Engineering and Computer Science | MIT OpenCourseWare
| Find courses by: Topic MIT Course Number Department Instructional Approach Teaching Materials Collections New Courses Most Visited Courses OCW Scholar Courses Audio/Video Lectures Online Textbooks Instructor Insights Supplemental Resources Cross-Disciplinary Topic Lists Energy Entrepreneurship Environment Introductory Programming Life Sciences Transportation Translated Courses 繁體字 / Traditional Chinese Español / Spanish Português / Portuguese فارسی / Persian Türkçe / Turkish (비디오)한국 / Korean About MIT OpenCourseWare Site Statistics OCW Stories News Make a Donation Why Give? Our Supporters Other Ways to Contribute Shop OCW Become a Corporate Sponsor OCW Initiatives Highlights for High School OCW Educator MIT Crosslinks and OCW MITx and Related OCW Courses Beyond OCW MIT+K12 Videos MIT ClimateX Teaching Excellence at MIT Outreach @ MIT Open Education Consortium Machine Learning Instructor(s) Prof. Tommi Jaakkola MIT Course Number 6.867
As Taught In Fall 2006 Level Graduate Ocean Wave Interaction with Ships and Offshore Energy Systems (13.022) Some Description Prof. Spring 2002 2.24 Undergraduate/Graduate Lecture Notes, Student Work Don't show me this again Welcome! This is one of over 2,200 courses on OCW. Find materials for this course in the pages linked along the left.
Course Features Lecture notes Assignments: problem sets with solutions Exams and solutions Course Description 6.867 is an introductory course on machine learning which gives an overview of many concepts, techniques, and algorithms in machine learning, beginning with topics such as classification and linear regression and ending up with more recent topics such as boosting, support vector machines, hidden Markov models, and Bayesian networks. The course will give the student the basic ideas and intuition behind modern machine learning methods as well as a bit more formal understanding of how, why, and when they work. The underlying theme in the course is statistical inference as it provides the foundation for most of the methods covered.
Other OCW Versions 6.867 Machine Learning (Fall 2002) 6.867 Machine Learning (Fall 2002) Course Collections See related courses in the following collections: Find Courses by Topic Computer Science > Algorithms and Data Structures Computer Science > Artificial Intelligence Cognitive Science Probability and Statistics Find Courses Find by Topic Find by Course Number Find by Department Instructional Approach Teaching Materials New Courses Most Visited Courses OCW Scholar Courses Audio/Video Courses Courses with Subtitles Online Textbooks Instructor Insights Supplemental Resources Translated Courses View All Courses About About OpenCourseWare Site Statistics OCW Stories News Press Releases Tools Help & FAQs Contact Us Advanced Search Site Map Privacy & Terms of Use RSS Feeds Give Now Make a Donation Why Give? Our Supporters Other Ways to Contribute Shop OCW Become a Corporate Sponsor Featured Sites Highlights for High School OCW Educator MIT Crosslinks and OCW MITx and Related OCW Courses MIT+K12 Videos Teaching Excellence at MIT Outreach@MIT Open Education Consortium Our Corporate Supporters MIT OpenCourseWareApple just put machine learning in your pocket | HuffPost
EDITION Blaise Zerega, Contributor Editor in Chief, All Turtles Apple just put machine learning in your pocket 09/14/2017 06:43 pm ET Tim Cook’s hyperbole may be warranted, indeed. Think of what the iPod did for music. Think of what the iPhone camera did for photography. Now think of what the iPhone X will do for machine learning or, rather, what iPhone X developers and customers will do with machine learning.
It starts with what’s inside the iPhone X. 600 billion operations per second Apple touted the prowess of its new hardware and software by unveiling just two applications: Face ID, facial recognition to unlock the new iPhone X and to make purchases with Apple Pay, and
and animated emoji’s — so-called animojis. The company also described how how facial recognition can work with augmented reality apps. But don’t let these modest examples disappoint you. With Apple (and other device makers), the real magic often comes from the developer community. Hinting that other third party applications are on the horizon, Apple’s vice president of worldwide marketing Phillip Schiller noted that Face ID can work with existing apps like Mint, 1Password, and E*Trade, which currently offer Touch ID to execute transactions with a finger print. The atomization of machine learning Technology improvements transfer the power to create, share, and enjoy from from the few to the many. Rip-Mix-Burn, streaming, and playlists ended the hegemony of record companies and radio. VCRs, video cameras, and YouTube broke Hollywood’s grip on the movie industry. Desktop publishing, blogging, and a little help from Craiglist, eroded the localized monopolies of newspapers. Admittedly, I’m simplifying things to make a point.
For instance, I spoke recently with an AI entrepreneur who built a mobile app using very inexpensive software from
Google, Amazon, IBM Watson, as well as open source deep learning tools. This team of three required very little investment and created something that it is already being used by nearly 100,000 people after only a few months. I can only guess what Apple’s new iPhone may make possible for them. The power of X The iPhone X represents a significant push of machine learning — it’s creation, distribution, and consumption — from the center to the edge, to the masses, to the edglings. What will developers build for these devices? What everyday problems will they solve? If we are to believe Tim Cook’s hyperbole, then we need to ask, if it took 10 years for the iPhone to advance into an machine learning supercomputer, what will the next 10 years look like? I can’t wait to find out. CONVERSATIONS
FROM OUR PARTNERS
MULTIMEDIA
CloseApplied Machine Learning – Facebook Research
Applied Machine Learning Connectivity Computer Vision Data Science Economics & Computation Facebook AI Research (FAIR) Human Computer Interaction & UX Natural Language Processing & Speech Security & Privacy Systems & Networking Virtual Reality Publications People The Facebook Fellowship Program Emerging Scholars Faculty Awards Research Collaborations Post-docs and Sabbaticals Research Awards Downloads Careers Blog Applied Machine Learning					 Applying machine learning science to Facebook products Machine learning is essential to Facebook. It helps people discover new content and connect with the stories they care the most about. Our applied machine learning researchers and engineers develop machine learning algorithms that rank feeds, ads and search results, and create new text understanding algorithms that keep spam and misleading content at bay. New computer vision algorithms can “read” images and videos to the blind and display over 2 billion translated stories every day, speech recognition systems automatically caption the videos that play in your news feed, and we create new magical visual experiences such as turning panorama photos into fully interactive 360 photos. — Joaquin Quinonero Candela, Director of Applied Machine Learning Our People Publications Relationship Proposal Networks Ji Zhang, Mohamed Elhoseiny, Scott Cohen, Walter Chang, Ahmed Elgammal
Link the head to the “beak”: Zero Shot Learning from Noisy Text Description at Part Precision Mohamed Elhoseiny, Yizhe Zhu, Han Zhang, Ahmed Elgammal
CAN: Creative Adversarial Networks Ahmed Elgammal, Bingchen Liu, Mohamed Elhoseiny, Marian Mazzone
Cultural Diffusion and Trends in Facebook Photographs Quenzeng You, Dario Garcia, Manohar Paluri, Jiebo Luo, Jungseock Joo
Blog Downloads Caffe2 is a machine learning framework enabling simple and flexible deep learning. Building on the original Caffe, Caffe2 is designed with expression, speed, and modularity in mind, and allows a more flexible way to organize computation. Want to solve some of the most challenging technology problems? RSS Feed About Careers Privacy Cookies Terms Help © 2017 FacebookArthur Samuel - Wikipedia
Arthur Samuel Arthur Lee Samuel 1901-12-05 Emporia, Kansas 1990-07-29 Stanford, California United States Scientific career Computer Science Contents 1 Biography 2 Computer checkers (draughts) development 3 Awards 4 Selected works 5 References 6 External links Biography [ ] Computer checkers (draughts) development [ ] Awards [ ] Selected works [ ] References [ ] 11 January             ^     not in citation given (PDF) (PDF) April 29,     (PDF) April 29,     ^         ^ April 29,     ^ April 29,     ^ (PDF) 2011-10-31     ^ External links [ ] Chinook Information WorldCat Identities WorldCat Identities 172310222 155753630 w6kr1wmw 1901 births 1990 deaths American computer scientists Artificial intelligence researchers Game artificial intelligence History of artificial intelligence College of Emporia alumni IBM Research computer scientists IBM employees Stanford University Department of Computer Science faculty People from Stanford, California All articles with failed verification Articles with failed verification from May 2017 Articles with hCards Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Wikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages تۆرکجه Deutsch Español فارسی Français 日本語 Português Русский Svenska ไทย Українська Edit links
This page was last edited on 9 July 2017, at 23:02. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewLocal tech firm pursues niche business in machine learning | Local | richmond.com
Current 7-day subscribers can add digital for free Digital only Seven-day home delivery plus digital Receive your newspaper every day and get unlimited digital access at no additional charge. You won't miss anything. Your digital package includes unlimited use of Richmond.com on desktop and mobile web, as well as our electronic replica edition every day. Six-day home delivery plus digital Receive your newspaper Monday through Saturday. Your subscription includes popular sections such as RTD Culture on Thursdays, Richmond Drives on Fridays and RTD Metro Business on Mondays. Plus get unlimited digital access at Richmond.com. $19 per month after six-month introductory offer. Four-day home delivery (Thurs.-Sun.) plus digital Your subscription includes popular sections such as RTD Culture on Thursdays and Richmond Drives on Fridays. Plus receive unlimited digital access at Richmond.com. $19 per month after six-month introductory offer. Four-day home delivery (Fri.-Mon.) plus digital Your subscription includes popular sections such as RTD Metro Business on Mondays and Richmond Drives on Fridays. Plus receive unlimited digital access at Richmond.com. $19 per month after six-month introductory offer. Sunday home delivery plus digital Receive the Sunday newspaper, stuffed with money-saving offers, with unlimited digital access at Richmond.com. $19 per month after six-month introductory offer. × Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Seven-day home delivery Receive the newspaper every day. This option does not include unlimited digital access. Six-day home delivery Receive the newspaper Monday through Saturday. This option does not include unlimited digital access. Four-day home delivery (Thurs.-Sun.) Receive the newspaper Thursday through Sunday. This option does not include unlimited digital access. Four-day home delivery (Fri.-Mon.) Receive the newspaper Friday through Monday. This option does not include unlimited digital access. Sunday home delivery Receive the Sunday newspaper. This option does not include unlimited digital access. × Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area × Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area 80° Partly cloudy. High 83F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. A few clouds. Low near 65F. Winds light and variable. Toggle navigation Menu Search Sign Up Dashboard My Account Subscribe Home E-edition How to use the e-edition Obituaries Death Notices Video Buy & Sell Classified Listings Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Autos Pets Real Estate Service Providers Place a Classified Ad Jobs Career Advice Join Our Team Post A Job Jobs Customer Service Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Subscriber Services RTD 101 Contact Us About Us Close Notch’s executive team includes co-founders Paul Hurlocker (from left) and David Der, Matt Der and Mike Upchurch.
Local tech firm pursues niche business in machine learning
BY JOHN REID BLACKWELL
Richmond Times-Dispatch … Notch’s executive team includes co-founders Paul Hurlocker (from left) and David Der, Matt Der and Mike Upchurch. By JOHN REID BLACKWELL • Richmond Times-Dispatch Concepts like “machine learning” and “artificial intelligence” might conjure up images from science fiction tales about self-aware robots. The team of tech gurus at Notch, a small Richmond company that specializes in machine learning, have heard all that. One manager’s daughter has even joked with her friends about dad working for a robot company. What Notch really helps its clients do is less fantastic, but still has great potential to revolutionize how businesses use the vast amounts of data generated in the digital economy. “We are a very niche company, focused on some emerging areas,” said Paul Hurlocker, Notch’s CEO who co-founded the company in 2014 with David Der. “When we started the company, we saw an opportunity.” Machine learning — which fits into the broader category of artificial intelligence — is now figuring into technologies such as autonomous vehicles and voice and face recognition. It’s one of the tools behind how companies such as Amazon and Netflix give customers automated product recommendations. As a consulting company, Notch is trying to bring the benefits of machine learning to more businesses and organizations. “Leading-edge tech companies like the Facebooks and Googles and Netflixes of the world operate on their data in a very different way than most companies do,” Hurlocker said. “They are also able to leverage machine learning to do things that other companies can’t do.” “We think that is the future, and the companies we work with want to move into that future,” he said. From its office in Richmond’s Shockoe Bottom, the 16-employee company works for clients ranging from small startups to Fortune 500 companies, in industries including pharmaceuticals, health care, retail sales, finance and publishing. Notch does not disclose its financial results, but its managers say revenue tripled last year. *** “Notch is a small but fierce data company,” said Demeria, adding that it has “some of the most knowledgeable data scientists and software engineers in the business.” “Their presence in Richmond elevates our overall profile as a destination for machine learning and data strategy, as a number of their clients are not local,” he said. The Notch team includes veterans of the Richmond-area technology community, along with a staff of young tech specialists, many of them just a few years out of Virginia universities. Hurlocker and Der met while working at Amentra, an information technology consulting firm founded in Richmond that was acquired by Red Hat Inc. in 2008. Der is now Notch’s chief operating officer, and his two brothers, Bryan and Matt, subsequently joined the company. The Der brothers grew up in Chester, with a father who works in computer science. “We had it around the house growing up and, while in school, we all found we had a natural aptitude for mathematics,” David Der said. Bryan Der works as a data scientist for the company. Matt Der earned a doctorate in computer science, specializing in machine learning, from the University of California at San Diego. He is Notch’s chief technology officer and, thanks to his doctorate, he is the one who gives the company its “street cred” in machine learning, Hurlocker said. A recent addition to the management team is Mike Upchurch, as chief strategy officer. Upchurch was the co-founder of Fuzzy Logix, an in-database analytics company, and he previously worked in investment, commercial and retail banking. The managers of Notch believe it is the only company in the Richmond region offering the services it does, and one of the few in the country. “What makes us unique is we thrive at the intersection of machine learning and data engineering,” Matt Der said. Thanks to the internet and smartphones, more data are being collected now than ever before, and Notch’s data engineering service helps clients organize, move and store the data they receive. The data engineering helps position clients for Notch’s second service, which is machine learning. *** Upchurch describes it as essentially using machines to crunch enormous amounts of data beyond the ability of any human and to look for patterns. “The machine automatically learns patterns from data,” Matt Der said. “I equate it with predictive analytics,” rather than just descriptive analytics, which involves analyzing historical data to determine what happened, he said. “A lot of companies are used to doing descriptive analytics,” he said. “That is hindsight, but you can answer even more important questions if you progress from descriptive to predictive. Instead of asking what happened, you ask what will happen? If you can predict the future, you can make better decisions today.” Predictive analytics could be used to improve outcomes in many areas, from preventing fraud in financial services to earlier predictions of who is most likely to get a chronic disease among patient populations. Machine learning tools could even be used to help identify weaknesses in the culture of an organization before it becomes a problem. One of the local companies Notch has been working with is TMI Consulting, which helps organizations improve their workplace diversity and inclusiveness. Notch has been assisting TMI in developing a machine learning system that can aid in the assessment and analysis of such things as employee engagement, and identifying the likelihood of such problems as racial and gender bias. Tiffany Jana, TMI Consulting’s president and CEO, said the firm has been working with various experts for about three years on the system, which she hopes to offer to clients starting next year. Notch has been developing the machine learning tools for about a year. “I am used to people being a little bit confused and incredulous,” about the whole idea, Jana said, but Notch has done work to make it possible. “They have made what we brought to them 100 times better,” she said. “This machine learning is their world. They are not afraid of thinking outside the box at all.” *** “In reality, we are still in the early days of corporate adoption,” he said, which means there is lots of room for a company like Notch to grow. The company has bootstrapped itself so far, not taking any outside investors or debt, Hurlocker said. The majority of the company’s clients are not in Richmond. “We are doing a lot of West Coast work,” Hurlocker said. “We have clients in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Diego and Houston. Northern Virginia is a growth area for us, and Norfolk.” “We do have some clients in Richmond, but they tend to be startups,” Hurlocker said. “We are passionate about working with them. We are committed to trying to help the Richmond startup community.” A lot of the software tools the company uses were developed by West Coast tech companies or nonprofit software developers. “They have open-sourced these things, and we have developed expertise in those areas,” Hurlocker said. Notch has remained based in Richmond because its managers have close family and professional connections in the region, but also because the region’s technology economy has been blooming. “It is also a great city to start a business,” Hurlocker said. “There is talent, and it is affordable. There are some good anchor companies in town.” “We think Richmond is on a roll, in general,” he said. “We hope we are a part of that.” jblackwell@timesdispatch.com Close
Whenever John Reid Blackwell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Close Get RTD Business email updates every morning Get RTD Business email updates every morning Email: First: Last: Zip:
Sep 19 Sep 19 Sep 20 Sep 20 Sep 21 Sep 21 Sep 22 sponsored sponsored sponsored News Business Entertainment Events Calendar Food & Drink Sports Outdoors RTD 101 All Sections Today's Print Ads Classifieds Automotive Real Estate Jobs Find Local Advertise with the Richmond Times-Dispatch Contact Us Business Directory Buy Photos Email Newsletters Subscription Services Shop Our Products Want to use our content? Work With Us About Us Sign Up Manage Subscription E-Edition Club RTD Change Password Report an IssueBlog - Machine Learning Mastery
Navigation Machine Learning Mastery Making developers awesome at machine learning Home Empty Menu Return to Content Primer on Neural Network Models for Natural Language Processing By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Natural Language Processing Deep learning is having a large impact on the field of natural language processing. But, as a beginner, where do you start? Both deep learning and natural language processing are huge fields. What are the salient aspects of each field to focus on and which areas of NLP is deep learning having the most impact? […] Continue Reading Oxford Course on Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Natural Language Processing Deep Learning methods achieve state-of-the-art results on a suite of natural language processing problems What makes this exciting is that single models are trained end-to-end, replacing a suite of specialized statistical models. The University of Oxford in the UK teaches a course on Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing and much of the materials for […] Continue Reading Review of Stanford Course on Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Natural Language Processing Natural Language Processing, or NLP, is a subfield of machine learning concerned with understanding speech and text data. Statistical methods and statistical machine learning dominate the field and more recently deep learning methods have proven very effective in challenging NLP problems like speech recognition and text translation. In this post, you will discover the Stanford […] Continue Reading Top Books on Natural Language Processing By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Natural Language Processing Natural Language Processing, or NLP for short, is the study of computational methods for working with speech and text data. The field is dominated by the statistical paradigm and machine learning methods are used for developing predictive models. In this post, you will discover the top books that you can read to get started with […] Continue Reading A Gentle Introduction to RNN Unrolling By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Long Short-Term Memory Networks Recurrent neural networks are a type of neural network where the outputs from previous time steps are fed as input to the current time step. This creates a network graph or circuit diagram with cycles, which can make it difficult to understand how information moves through the network. In this post, you will discover the […] Continue Reading Making Predictions with Sequences By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Long Short-Term Memory Networks Sequence prediction is different from other types of supervised learning problems. The sequence imposes an order on the observations that must be preserved when training models and making predictions. Generally, prediction problems that involve sequence data are referred to as sequence prediction problems, although there are a suite of problems that differ based on the […] Continue Reading How to Diagnose Overfitting and Underfitting of LSTM Models By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Long Short-Term Memory Networks It can be difficult to determine whether your Long Short-Term Memory model is performing well on your sequence prediction problem. You may be getting a good model skill score, but it is important to know whether your model is a good fit for your data or if it is underfit or overfit and could do […] Continue Reading How to Reshape Input Data for Long Short-Term Memory Networks in Keras By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Long Short-Term Memory Networks It can be difficult to understand how to prepare your sequence data for input to an LSTM model. Often there is confusion around how to define the input layer for the LSTM model. There is also confusion about how to convert your sequence data that may be a 1D or 2D matrix of numbers to […] Continue Reading How to Make Predictions with Long Short-Term Memory Models in Keras By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Long Short-Term Memory Networks The goal of developing an LSTM model is a final model that you can use on your sequence prediction problem. In this post, you will discover how to finalize your model and use it to make predictions on new data. After completing this post, you will know: How to train a final LSTM model. How […] Continue Reading Gentle Introduction to Generative Long Short-Term Memory Networks By Jason Brownlee Jason Brownlee on in Long Short-Term Memory Networks The Long Short-Term Memory recurrent neural network was developed for sequence prediction. In addition to sequence prediction problems. LSTMs can also be used as a generative model In this post, you will discover how LSTMs can be used as generative models. After completing this post, you will know: About generative models, with a focus on […] Continue Reading 1 … Welcome to Machine Learning Mastery Read More You’re a Professional (and you need results)! Take Action Now! Get The Training You Need Popular July 21, 2016 June 10, 2016 May 24, 2016 March 13, 2017 July 26, 2016 June 2, 2016 April 7, 2017 June 9, 2016 November 7, 2016 November 25, 2013 © 2017 Machine Learning Mastery. All Rights Reserved.Computer vision - Wikipedia
Computer vision Contents 1 Definition 2 History 3 Related fields 4 Applications 5 Typical tasks 5.1 Recognition 5.2 Motion analysis 5.3 Scene reconstruction 5.4 Image restoration 6 System methods 6.1 Image-understanding systems 7 Hardware 8 See also 8.1 Lists 9 References 10 Further reading 11 External links Definition [ ] History [ ] Related fields [ ] The following characterizations appear relevant but should not be taken as universally accepted: Applications [ ] Play media Play media Other application areas include: Typical tasks [ ] Each of the application areas described above employ a range of computer vision tasks; more or less well-defined measurement problems or processing problems, which can be solved using a variety of methods. Some examples of typical computer vision tasks are presented below. Recognition [ ] The classical problem in computer vision, image processing, and machine vision is that of determining whether or not the image data contains some specific object, feature, or activity. Different varieties of the recognition problem are described in the literature: Several specialized tasks based on recognition exist, such as: Facial recognition Motion analysis [ ] Several tasks relate to motion estimation where an image sequence is processed to produce an estimate of the velocity either at each points in the image or in the 3D scene, or even of the camera that produces the images . Examples of such tasks are: Scene reconstruction [ ] Image restoration [ ] The aim of image restoration is the removal of noise (sensor noise, motion blur, etc.) from images. The simplest possible approach for noise removal is various types of filters such as low-pass filters or median filters. More sophisticated methods assume a model of how the local image structures look like, a model which distinguishes them from the noise. By first analysing the image data in terms of the local image structures, such as lines or edges, and then controlling the filtering based on local information from the analysis step, a better level of noise removal is usually obtained compared to the simpler approaches. System methods [ ] The organization of a computer vision system is highly application dependent. Some systems are stand-alone applications which solve a specific measurement or detection problem, while others constitute a sub-system of a larger design which, for example, also contains sub-systems for control of mechanical actuators, planning, information databases, man-machine interfaces, etc. The specific implementation of a computer vision system also depends on if its functionality is pre-specified or if some part of it can be learned or modified during operation. Many functions are unique to the application. There are, however, typical functions which are found in many computer vision systems. Re-sampling in order to assure that the image coordinate system is correct. Noise reduction in order to assure that sensor noise does not introduce false information. Contrast enhancement to assure that relevant information can be detected. Selection of a specific set of interest points Segmentation of one or multiple image regions which contain a specific object of interest. Verification that the data satisfy model-based and application specific assumptions. Estimation of application specific parameters, such as object pose or object size. Pass/fail on automatic inspection applications Match / no-match in recognition applications Flag for further human review in medical, military, security and recognition applications Image-understanding systems [ ] Image-understanding systems (IUS) include three levels of abstraction as follows: Low level includes image primitives such as edges, texture elements, or regions; intermediate level includes boundaries, surfaces and volumes; and high level includes objects, scenes, or events. Many of these requirements are really topics for further research. The representational requirements in the designing of IUS for these levels are: representation of prototypical concepts, concept organization, spatial knowledge, temporal knowledge, scaling, and description by comparison and differentiation. Hardware [ ] There are many kinds of computer vision systems, nevertheless all of them contain these basic elements: a power source, at least one image acquisition device (i.e. camera, ccd, etc.), a processor as well as control and communication cables or some kind of wireless interconnection mechanism. In addition, a practical vision system contains software, as well as a display in order to monitor the system. Vision systems for inner spaces, as most industrial ones, contain an illumination system and may be placed in a controlled environment. Furthermore, a completed system includes many accessories like camera supports, cables and connectors. Most computer vision systems use visible-light cameras passively viewing a scene at frame rates of at most 60 frames per second (usually far slower). See also [ ] AI effect Applications of artificial intelligence Machine vision glossary Space mapping Teknomo-Fernandez Algorithm Visual system Visual perception Vision science Lists [ ] List of computer vision topics List of emerging technologies Outline of artificial intelligence References [ ]     (PDF)                             ^ ^         ^ 2 August     ^     ^     ^     ^     ^     ^ 2010-11-05     ^     ^     ^ Barghout, Lauren. "Visual Taxometric Approach to Image Segmentation Using Fuzzy-Spatial Taxon Cut Yields Contextually Relevant Regions." Information Processing and Management of Uncertainty in Knowledge-Based Systems. Springer International Publishing, 2014. ^     ^ 2 May     ^     Further reading [ ]                                                                                 External links [ ] USC Iris computer vision conference list Keith Price's Annotated Computer Vision Bibliography v t e Datasets Digital geometry Commercial systems Feature detection Geometry Image sensor technology Learning Morphology Motion analysis Noise reduction techniques Recognition and categorization Research infrastructure Researchers Segmentation Software Computer stereo vision Autonomous vehicles Face recognition Image search Optical character recognition Remote sensing Robots v t e Virtuality Virtual cinematography Augmented reality Augmented virtuality Real life Projection augmented model Reality–virtuality continuum Artificial reality Simulated reality Ubiquitous computing persistent Multimodal interaction Telepresence Immersion Compositing Camera resectioning Haptic suit optical Head-up display Image-based modeling and rendering Real-time computer graphics Virtual retinal display Wearable computer Chroma key Visual hull Free viewpoint television Omnidirectional treadmill Hidden surface determination Virtual reality headset 360-degree video Omnidirectional camera VR photography stereo Motion capture Tracking system Optical Inertial Magnetic Wired glove Gametrak Google Glass Microsoft HoloLens PlayStation Move Leap Motion Kinect Sixense TrueMotion Daydream Google Cardboard HTC Vive Oculus Rift Samsung Gear VR PlayStation VR OSVR AlloSphere Cave TreadPort Sensorama Virtual Boy Famicom 3D System Sword of Damocles Sega VR Virtuality Pervasive game ARToolKit virtual graffiti Simulated reality in fiction Artificial intelligence Image processing Computer vision Packaging machinery Articles lacking in-text citations from July 2014 All articles lacking in-text citations Articles that may contain original research from July 2014 All articles that may contain original research CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list Articles containing video clips Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Languages العربية Български Bosanski Català Čeština Eesti Ελληνικά Español Euskara فارسی Français 한국어 Hrvatski Italiano עברית 日本語 Polski Português Русский Shqip Simple English Slovenščina Suomi Svenska ไทย Українська اردو Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links
This page was last edited on 6 September 2017, at 12:40. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewReviews for Machine Learning from Coursera | Class Central
Class Central Courses Courses MOOC Report MOOC Report or Notable Notable Subject Subject University University Provider Provider New & Trending New & Trending Course recommendations Top 50 MOOCs Top 50 MOOCs See Top 50 The real audience for MOOCs is not the traditional university student but a “lifelong career learner.” Where to Find MOOCs: The Definitive Guide to MOOC Providers We take a look at what edX could be looking to achieve in launching "another" certificate program Sign in Register Home Coursera Machine Learning Intro Coursera: Machine Learning
with  Andrew Ng HIGHEST RATED MOOC Syllabus Tags 316
Free Online Course (Audit)
Paid Certificate Available 5-7 hours a week 11 weeks long 0 Sign up for free?
+
Learn to become a Data Analyst. Job offer guaranteed or get a full refund. Advertisement Learn Python & R at your own pace. Start now for free! Advertisement What are MOOCs? How do I register? How do these MOOCs or free online courses work? Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 1 via Learning How to Learn: Powerful mental tools to help you master tough subjects via Intro to Artificial Intelligence via Algorithms, Part I via The Data Scientist’s Toolbox via Machine Learning courses 316
Gregory J Hamel ( Life Is Study) Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Prose Simian Scott Orr Mark Wilbur Wickwack James Solomon-rounce John Johnson
Anonymous Ankit Dhall Nitin Gupta Vishnuvardhan Reddy Gillella Anonymous Anonymous Michał Gąsiorowski Anonymous Anonymous Rick Santosh Goteti Martin Bede Mal Minhas Class Central user Jasper Brener Moshe Bergman Alan Du Kirank Karkera Wei En Robert Stahr Hideki Saito
Kartik kukreja
Kartik kukreja Procellaria Patricia Pisonero Eugenio Francisco Martinez Pacheco Athira Jordan Lui Eric Cole Soonyau Cheong Anonymous Anonymous Victor Szeto Mike Ba Alfredo Kalaitzis Farsan Rashid Anonymous Saber Wayag Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Pham Binh Dina Bova Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Noah Jones Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Meher Béjaoui Johan Rylander Cristi Constantin Anonymous Sebastiaan Bekker Dmitriy Kovalenko Full_name Stergios Stavropoulos Dd Dd Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Nuno Goncalves Anonymous Troddel Ade Kurniawan Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous Anonymous 김재형 Evgeniy Mikhailovich Zheltonozhskiy Marta Pankaj Kabra Caio Taniguchi Abtn Adesh Sachan Martin Strandbygaard Maresu Andrei Razvan Daniel Snider Niklas Thörne Agyemang Jeremiah Sérgio Den Boer Nola Donato Sha Liu Ben Lofgren Adam Hjerpe Eric Delannoy Lars Ahlfors Franta Polach Michael T Jan Tatham Doc0s Iva Miholić Jaskaran Tianyi Cui Anna K Massimiliano Giacometti Lucas Norman Olga Pustovalova Piotr Józef Kowenzowski Nida Helder Rey Raul Coaguila Pavel Colin Khein Malcolm Perry Aswitala Piotr Dziuba Jörg Pankaj Kumar Maurya Tristen Tyler Blake Christophe Gurkanwal Singh Abhilash Vj Lanting Guo Tabish Sada Michael A. Alcorn John Mcglynn Luis Herrera Gabriel Trautmann Mauricio Guevara Lena S Doojin Park Justin Suen Ivan Brasilico Davide Madrisan Yoni Garbourg Lukas Harita Chaudhari Liviu Alexander Plentsov Bishal Lakha Dimitris Poulopoulos Daniel Finol Paolo Vagnini Peter Mosoni Mohammed Safwat Kamel El-afifi Mgka Beniamino Di Maro Jln Mgka Gibryon Bhojraj Rafael Prados Wrik Bhadra Trinadh Gupta Mgka Stephane Mysona Chris C Asr Basil Rormose Luka Vukelic D'artagnan Mike Rocke Saneryee Sašo Karakatič Anonymous Siyuan Liu Anjin Yahya Jonathan Hendel Natalia Juan Caballero Nicholas Jackson Reza Fazeli Valery Vorotyntsev Hong Xu Mushinsky Sergey Pawel Krzysztofik Christos Panoutsakopoulos Rohit Mendiratta Ryan Simmi Mourya Taras Hnot Stephane Mysona Rahul Agarwal Shivang Gupta Yangzhou Reudismam Heey Amaan Cheval Wichaiditsornpon@gmail.com Adel Vaibhav Vardhan Kareem Hesham Med Alaoui Marat Minshin Alexei
Shubert M A I Yousuf Pablo Torre Huy Mauro Lacy Alexander Chernikov Siraj Sandhu K. Hendrickson Rajkamal Srivastav Roman Shmatov Anton Skornyakov Sauro Grandi Alexandre Cançado Cardoso Wadigzon Diaz-wong Morris Qiu Ximi Hoque Gaurabh Diego
Sophron Vermeij Yuan Han Li Adrian Borucki Off Chanchana Sornsoontorn Class Central user Greg Van De Krol Navtej Singh Gabriel Aparecido Tinelli Ferrarini Mikhail Filipchuk Harish Harish Ramakrishnan Krzysztof Suwiński Alex Bella Mikołaj Szczepański Alvaro Carrera Elia Schelokov Rahul Singh Yadav Med Aymane Ahajjam Zhenghao He Volodymyr Drozdenko Maxime Brnt Óscar Ortega Vaquerizo Matthew Imakyure Attila Sztupak Gudvin Ustal Kazuo Moriwaka Anonymous Pergamom François Allain Harshil Lodhi Vlad Podgurschi Francesco Iago Breno Alves Do Carmo Araujo Selwyn Kevin Rosenstand Noah Maxim Kolesnikov Sergej Novik Antara B Adel Nicolas Bernard Emmanuel Ladoux Rajagopal Parthasarathi Zach Willy Garabini Cornelissen Bill Tollefson Laurie Mike Karamousadakis Alvin Ariesta Taylor Hess Alex Leslie Carlos Fernández García Jeffrey Chiou Dimitri Gurewitsch Ankit Agarwal Hchan Valentin Kofman Paolo Midali Qinmeng Zou Monal Jain Alvaro Martin Orive Vu Dao Adail Muniz Retamal John Yesberg Poppo Parin Julio Vizcaíno Molina Lalet Scaria Đạt Quang Trần Rakesh Kumar Mark Henry Butler Thiago Garcia Vaz Masato Yonekawa Xiaohai Shen Anonymous Justin Henke Hiếu Hoàng Trung Zhe Li Zhen Jiang Kashyap Uppuluri Bicheng Cao Fetty Fitriyanti Lubis Bas Jacobs Akash Handa Sebastian Hof Jevgeni Martjushev Özgün Genç Vishesh Noah Gundotra Alexander Partin Raphael Favero Eugene Krevenets Gabriel Cheng Yelena
Burlachenko Anonymous Write a review Write a review
* Rating is required
* This is a required field Review Review should be at least 20 words Love to Learn? Like our Facebook page to receive updates about the best online courses in the world Class Central Get personalized course recommendations, track subjects and courses with reminders, and more. Class Central Newsletter Never miss a course. No spam. Unsubscribe at any time. © Copyright 2011-2017Getting Started with Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics - Jaroop
Toggle navigation Data Management Process Automation Artificial Intelligence Software as a Service Internet of Things Custom Software Development Technology Consulting Data Science Data Architecture Software Support About Us Insights Contact Getting Started with Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics Getting Started with Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics Getting Started with Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics January 14, 2017 Machine learning continuously eliminates errors to improve predictions. This sounds like science fiction and seems to give computers a mythical power they do not have. Machine learning for prediction is a practical device many companies are using to make sense of the metrics they collect. Machine learning continuously eliminates errors to improve predictions. This sounds like science fiction and seems to give computers a mythical power they do not have. Machine learning for prediction is a practical device many companies are using to make sense of the metrics they collect. What are predictive analytics? Prediction is one of the major purposes of correlational statistics, although sometimes “prediction” is not quite the right word for it. The idea is that you want to see if you can find the components of a certain important variable. You have a number of measurements and you want to see what proportion of the “variance” of the important variable is contributed by each of the measures you have. You want to know how much each variable uniquely contributes to the variance, and how the whole array of your measurements can contribute when taken together. The word “prediction” often has nothing to do with the future, but simply being able to tell what the value of the important variable is without looking at it. Prediction is one of the major purposes of correlational statistics, although sometimes “prediction” is not quite the right word for it. The idea is that you want to see if you can find the components of a certain important variable. You have a number of measurements and you want to see what proportion of the “variance” of the important variable is contributed by each of the measures you have. You want to know how much each variable uniquely contributes to the variance, and how the whole array of your measurements can contribute when taken together. The word “prediction” often has nothing to do with the future, but simply being able to tell what the value of the important variable is without looking at it. You do this predicting using statistical techniques based on an
inter-correlation matrix . You want to find the weights to assign to each of your measures to make the sum of all your measured variables make the best possible “prediction” of the important variable. For example, you might want to predict sales volume based on a lot of data-mined information about the population that includes your customers. For example, you might want to predict sales volume based on a lot of data-mined information about the population that includes your customers. For a sampled time period when you know the sales volume, you use the data you have in numeric form. For a sampled time period when you know the sales volume, you use the data you have in numeric form. You do an inter-correlation matrix including the sales volume number. You do an inter-correlation matrix including the sales volume number. From the inter-correlation matrix you derive a “ multivariate regression formula .” This is a formula. When you plug your measures into it the result will be as close as possible to sales volume. How far off the average prediction is from the actual value of sales volume is the amount of error in your prediction. How far off the average prediction is from the actual value of sales volume is the amount of error in your prediction. That’s the number, the amount of error that you want to reduce next time you do this. That’s where machine learning comes in. That’s the number, the amount of error that you want to reduce next time you do this. That’s where machine learning comes in. What does machine learning do to help prediction? Computers employed in machine learning operate according to certain models or algorithms. These include models that use the multiple regression technique and those which develop their own formulas of prediction in other ways. Computers employed in machine learning operate according to certain models or algorithms. These include models that use the multiple regression technique and those which develop their own formulas of prediction in other ways. Regression (as in our example above). Regression (as in our example above). Decision trees (if-then scenarios). Decision trees (if-then scenarios). Bayesian methods (probabilistic-using known statistical distributions). Bayesian methods (probabilistic-using known statistical distributions). Neural networks (optimizing without the need for statistics). Neural networks (optimizing without the need for statistics). You make three sets of data to train and test the machine learning. You make three sets of data to train and test the machine learning. 1. A training set
consisting of the majority (60 to 80 percent of the preliminary data you collected). This data is used to train the machine to learn. 2. A validation set
consisting of 10 to 20 percent of the data collected. You use this data to see just how accurate your predictions are–after the machine is trained. You may try out different algorithms here. 3. A test set
consisting of data not used in the training or validation. You use this data as a final test of the validity of your chosen machine algorithm. Machine learning is an iterative process. You train the machine to make the best predictions using a particular algorithm. Then, based on the accuracy of prediction, you retrain it modifying your algorithm or parameters in your data set. You try to reach a point that the machine predicts all sales (no misses or false negatives) and does not say a case will be sale when it is not (false positive). Machine learning is an iterative process. You train the machine to make the best predictions using a particular algorithm. Then, based on the accuracy of prediction, you retrain it modifying your algorithm or parameters in your data set. You try to reach a point that the machine predicts all sales (no misses or false negatives) and does not say a case will be sale when it is not (false positive). Once a satisfactory level of performance has been reached on the validation set, use the test set to assess the performance of the fully trained system on unseen data. If the test set performance is satisfactory, you have a computer model that can be used to predict the behavior of real customers with acceptable accuracy. Once a satisfactory level of performance has been reached on the validation set, use the test set to assess the performance of the fully trained system on unseen data. If the test set performance is satisfactory, you have a computer model that can be used to predict the behavior of real customers with acceptable accuracy. Contact us today ← → Recent Blog Posts Let's start solving, together. Contact us so that we can learn a little about your business and explore how software technology can help you succeed! Contact Us INSIGHTS Blog Newsletter Whitepaper COMPANY Careers About Us Our Approach CONTACTGoogle says machine learning is the future. So I tried it myself | Technology | The Guardian
Close The Guardian - Back to home contribution
subscribe
find a job jobs All sections What term do you want to search? Search with google US edition US
edition:
switch to the
UK edition UK switch to the
US switch to the
Australia edition AU switch to the
International edition INT sign in
become a supporter
subscribe search switch to the
UK edition switch to the
Australia edition switch to the
International edition The Guardian - Back to home › › home selected browse
sections close
Google says machine learning is the future. So I tried it myself
If deep learning will be as big as the internet, it’s time for everyone to start looking closely at it
Google says machine learning is the future. So I tried it myself
If deep learning will be as big as the internet, it’s time for everyone to start looking closely at it Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Alex Hern 03.00 EDT 12.21 EST T T The most powerful form of machine learning being used today, called “deep learning”, builds a complex mathematical structure called a neural network based on vast quantities of data. Designed to be analogous to how a human brain works, neural networks themselves were first described in the 1930s. But it’s only in the last three or four years that computers have become powerful enough to use them effectively. Corrado says he thinks it is as big a change for tech as the internet was. “Before internet technologies, if you worked in computer science, networking was some weird thing that weirdos did. And now everyone, regardless of whether they’re an engineer or a software developer or a product designer or a CEO understands how internet connectivity shapes their product, shapes the market, what they could possibly build.” He says that same kind of transformation is going to happen with machine learning. “It ends up being something that everybody can do a little of. They don’t have to do the detailed things, but they need to understand ‘well, wait a minute, maybe we could do this if we had data to learn from.’” One of the nice things about the machine learning community right now is how open it is to sharing ideas and research. When Google made TensorFlow open to anyone to use, it wrote: “By sharing what we believe to be one of the best machine learning toolboxes in the world, we hope to create an open standard for exchanging research ideas and putting machine learning in products”. And it’s not alone in that: every major machine learning implementation is available for free to use and modify, meaning it’s possible to set up a simple machine intelligence with nothing more than a laptop and a web connection. Which is what I did. Robin Sloan
(@robinsloan) So I spent another few hours configuring a server on Amazon’s cloud to do the learning for me. It cost $.70 an hour, but meant that the whole thing was done in about 8 hours. I’m not the only one to play around with the technology. Quietly, starting a few years ago, Google itself has undergone a metamorphosis. The search giant has torn out the guts of some of its biggest services, from image search to voice recognition, and recreated them from the ground up. Now, it wants the rest of the world to follow suit. On 16 June, it announced that it was opening a dedicated Machine Learning group in its Zurich engineering office, the largest collection of Google developers outside of the US, to lead research into three areas: machine intelligence, natural language processing, and machine perception. That is, building systems that can think, listen, and see. Following Sloan’s example, I set my model up to run as an autocomplete engine. I could write the first half-sentance of a theoretical Guardian editorial, and the system gets fed it as an input and asked what it thinks will come next. Don’t like that? Ask it for another response. I tried to use it to read Guardian editorials from a parallel universe. I used “Thursday’s momentous vote to stay in the EU was” as the seed, and tried to get the system to imagine what the rest of the sentence would look like: Thursday’s momentous vote to stay in the EU was more contracts in the 1970s.
Thursday’s momentous vote to stay in the EU was a man of a legal opposition in 2015.
Thursday’s momentous vote to stay in the EU was the discrimination and the first way the failure to declare the government is not a single constitutional conservative policy.
Thursday’s momentous vote to stay in the EU was on the promise of the pronouncements.
It’s terrible. Of course it’s terrible: if I could train a machine to write a convincing Guardian editorial, or even a convincing sentence extract from a Guardian editorial, in two days by copying a readme and fiddling around with complex software which I don’t really understand even after having successfully used it, then my job would be much less secure than it is. Hell, everyone’s jobs would be much less secure than they are.
While the results are unimpressive on the face of it, at the same time, however, they’re … kind of amazing. The specific package I used, called Torch-rnn, is designed for training character-level neural networks. That is, before it’s trained, it doesn’t even know the concept of a word, let alone have a specific vocabulary or understanding of English grammar. Now, I have a model that knows all those things. And it taught itself with nothing more than a huge quantity of Guardian editorials.
It still can’t actually create meaning. That makes sense: a Guardian editorial has meaning in relation to the real world, not as a collection of words existing in its own right. And so to properly train a neural network to write one, you’d also have to feed in information about the world, and then you’ve got less of a weekend project and more of a startup pitch. So it’s not surprising to see the number of startup pitches that do involve “deep learning” skyrocket. My inbox has consistently seen one or two a day for the past year, from an “online personal styling service” which uses deep learning to match people to clothes, to a “knowledge discovery engine” which aims to beat Google at its own game. Where the archetypal startup of 2008 was “x but on a phone” and the startup of 2014 was “uber but for x”, this year is the year of “doing x with machine learning”. And Google seems happy to be leading the way, not only with its own products, but also by making the tools which the rest of the ecosystem is relying on. But why now? Corrado has an answer. “The maths for deep learning was done in the 1980s and 1990s… but until now, computers were too slow for us to understand that the math worked well. “The fact that they’re getting faster and cheaper is part of what’s making this possible.” Right now, he says, doing machine learning yourself is like trying to go online by manually coding a TCP/IP stack.
But that’s going to change. It will get quicker, easier and more effective, and slowly move from something the engineers know about, to something the whole development team know about, then the whole tech industry, and then, eventually, everyone. And when it does, it’s going to change a lot else with it. • Topics Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content The Guardian back to top home selected
sections close selected Technology › › Google back to topHow machine learning could help to improve climate forecasts : Nature News & Comment
nature.com Sitemap Register Login Nature International weekly journal of science Home Home News & Comment News & Comment Research Research Careers & Jobs Careers & Jobs Current Issue Current Issue Archive Archive Audio & Video Audio & Video For Authors For Authors Archive Volume 548 Issue 7668 News Article Article Nature | News Sharing How machine learning could help to improve climate forecasts Mixing artificial intelligence with climate science helps researchers to identify previously unknown atmospheric processes and rank climate models. Nicola Jones Article tools Greg Kendall-Ball Many of the latest climate models seek to increase the detail in simulations of cloud structure.   “Climate is now a data problem,” says Claire Monteleoni, a computer scientist at George Washington University in Washington DC who has helped to pioneer the marriage of machine-learning techniques with climate science. In machine learning, AI systems improve in performance as the amount of data that they analyse grows. This approach is a natural fit for climate science: a single run of a high-resolution climate model can produce a petabyte of data, and the archive of climate data maintained by the UK Met Office, the national weather service, now holds about 45 petabytes of information — and adds 0.085 petabytes a day.   Researchers hoping to wrangle all these data will meet next month in Boulder, Colorado, to assess the state of science in the field known as climate informatics. Work in this area has grown rapidly. In the past several years, researchers have used AI systems to help them to rank climate models, spot cyclones and other extreme weather events — in both real and modelled climate data — and identify new climate patterns. “The pace seems to be picking up,” says Monteleoni. Researchers hoping to wrangle all these data will meet next month in Boulder, Colorado, to assess the state of science in the field known as climate informatics. Work in this area has grown rapidly. In the past several years, researchers have used AI systems to help them to rank climate models, spot cyclones and other extreme weather events — in both real and modelled climate data — and identify new climate patterns. “The pace seems to be picking up,” says Monteleoni.   “Climate is now a data problem.” And Monteleoni has developed machine-learning algorithms to create weighted averages of the roughly 30 climate models used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. By learning the models’ strengths and weaknesses, such algorithms generate better results than conventional approaches that treat all models equally, Monteleoni says. The climate community is starting to adopt AI algorithms that weight climate models as a way to help improve forecasts. And Monteleoni has developed machine-learning algorithms to create weighted averages of the roughly 30 climate models used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. By learning the models’ strengths and weaknesses, such algorithms generate better results than conventional approaches that treat all models equally, Monteleoni says. The climate community is starting to adopt AI algorithms that weight climate models as a way to help improve forecasts. Machine mysteries Machine mysteries Because deep-learning systems develop their own rules, researchers often can’t say how or why these algorithms arrive at a given result. That makes some people uneasy about relying on these ‘black boxes’ to forecast imminent weather emergencies such as floods. “I’m reluctant to use [AI] as an answer machine,” says William Drew Collins, a climate modeller at the LBNL. “If I can’t explain what the machine is doing, then there’s a problem.”   Instead, Collins says that AI algorithms are best suited to help test the next generation of climate models. These models aim to incorporate complex climate phenomena such as the fine structures of clouds, atmospheric rivers and ocean eddies. “We need a benchmark of the level of detail that these models should be aiming for,” Collins says. “We need a guide star. Machine learning is well suited for that.”     Most climatologists are still using conventional methods to analyse their data — but that is changing. “If you go to the major modelling centres and ask them how they work, the answer won’t be machine learning,” says Collins. “But it will get there.” Most climatologists are still using conventional methods to analyse their data — but that is changing. “If you go to the major modelling centres and ask them how they work, the answer won’t be machine learning,” says Collins. “But it will get there.” , References Liu, Y. Liu, Y. 2016 Liess, S. Liess, S. J. Clim. 27 8466 8486 2014 McGovern, A. McGovern, A. Bull. Am. Meteorol. Soc. 2017 Related stories and links From nature.com The ‘time machine’ reconstructing ancient Venice’s social networks 14 June 2017 14 June 2017 Machine learning predicts the look of stem cells 05 April 2017 05 April 2017 Machine-learning algorithm quantifies gender bias in astronomy 04 November 2016 04 November 2016 Can we open the black box of AI? 05 October 2016 05 October 2016 Can artificial intelligence create the next wonder material? 04 May 2016 04 May 2016 Computer science: The learning machines 08 January 2014 08 January 2014 Author information Author details Nicola Jones NPG journals PubMed Google Scholar 1 comment Neil MCNAUGHTON • Social Media Box - AML E-alert RSS Facebook Germany focus With a national election this month, Germany proves that foresight and stability can power research. Top Content - Article Page Recent Recent Cassini crashes into Saturn — but could still deliver big discoveries Nature 14 September 2017 Scientists' sexual-harassment case sparks protests at University of Rochester Nature 14 September 2017 Seismologists stumped by mystery shock after North Korean nuclear test Nature 14 September 2017 Read Read The secret to Germany’s scientific excellence Nature 06 Sep 2017 Massive genetic study shows how humans are evolving Nature 06 Sep 2017 Science must acknowledge its past mistakes and crimes Nature 04 Sep 2017 Commented Commented Removing statues of historical figures risks whitewashing history Nature 04 Sep 2017 11 comments Rumours swell over new kind of gravitational-wave sighting Nature 24 Aug 2017 7 comments Keep on marching for science education Nature 29 Aug 2017 5 comments Your browser does not support iframes. Face of the genome Reviewers and a co-author of a paper by genomics entrepreneur Craig Venter claim that it misrepresents the risks of public access to genome data. Mexico quake US Geological Survey says tremor was within the Cocos Plate, not at the plate boundary. Genome evolution Analysis of 215,000 people's DNA suggests variants that shorten life are being selected against. Bat nav Smooth, vertical structures such as steel and glass buildings appear invisible to bats' echolocation system. Nature Podcast Protecting red haired people from cancer, machine learning and gravitational distortions, and peeking inside predatory journals. nature
jobs Assistant, Associate or Full Professor University of Michigan Multiple Postdoctoral Fellowships in Cardiac Signal Processing and Instrumentation : Boston, MA, United States Massachusetts General Hospital Associate Editor / Senior Editor roles, Nature Research - Talent Pool 2017 Springer Nature Professor and Faculty Positions at the Academy of Medical Sciences (AMS), Zhengzhou University The Academy of Medical Sciences of Zhengzhou University Postdocs, Key Lab for Neuroinformation, University of Electronic Sciences and Technology of China University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (UESTC) Post a Job More Science Jobs Nature : : About us Contact us Accessibility statement Help Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms
Nature Asia Nature Education RSS web feeds About the EditorsMachine Learning (Theory)
Machine Learning (Theory) 8/3/2017 The Real World Interactive Learning Tutorial 7/19/2017 ICML is changing its constitution Anyways, please comment if you have a concern or thoughts.
6/12/2017 Machine Learning the Future Class Much of this material is fairly close to research so to assist other machine learning lecturers around the world in digesting the material, I’ve made all the source available as well.
Feel free to use and improve. (*) The NYU policy changed so that students could not be shown in classroom videos.
4/22/2017 Fact over Fiction The election outcome is actually less important than the endemic disagreement that disinformation creates.
When people simply believe in different facts about the world how can you expect them to agree?
There probably are some good uses of mass disinformation somewhere, but I’m extremely skeptical the value exceeds the cost.
Is opposition to mass disinformation broad enough that it makes a good organizing principle?
If mass disinformation was eliminated or greatly reduced it would be an enormous value to society, particularly to the disinformed.
It would not address the fundamental economic stagnation of the median household in the United States, but it would remove a significant threat to civil society which may be necessary for such progress.
Given a choice between the right to mass disinform and democracy, I choose democracy.
What about technical solutions?
Technical solutions seem necessary for success, perhaps with changes to law incentivizing this.
It’s important to understand that something going before the courts is inherently slow, particularly because courts tend to be deeply overloaded.
A significant increase in the number of cases going before courts makes an approach nonviable in practice. Would we regret this? There is a long history of governments abusing laws to censor inconvenient news sources so caution is warranted.
Structuring new laws in a manner such that they cannot be abused is an important consideration.
It is obviously important to leave satire fully intact which seems entirely possibly by making the fact that it is satire unmistakable.
This entire discussion is also not relevant to individuals speaking to other individuals—that is not what creates a problem.
4/12/2017 The Decision Service is Hiring Details A modest proposal How to Contribute a Post Who? What? Why? Why did my comment not appear? Recent Comments Renato George George The Real World Interactive Learning Tutorial – MeasurementBlog The Real World Interactive Learning Tutorial | high dimensional space RSS Feeds Computational Complexity Geomblog natural language processing blog Machined Learnings Machine Learning (Theory) Categories ML Related Gelman—SMCISS ICML Paper Discussion Inductio Ex Machina KD Nuggets Kernel Machines Machine Learning Thoughts MLOSS Reinforcement Learning SM, DM, & ML Wikipedia: Machine Learning Research Computational Complexity Computer Research Policy Geomblog Mathematics Mathematics and Computation Michael Nielsen Oddhead Quantum Algorithms Quantum Pontiff Meta Register Log in WordPress.orgHype cycle - Wikipedia
Hype cycle Contents 1 Five phases 2 Hype in new media 3 Criticisms 4 See also 5 References 6 Further reading 7 External links Five phases [ ] Each hype cycle drills down into the five key phases of a technology's life cycle. Technology Trigger A potential technology breakthrough kicks things off. Early proof-of-concept stories and media interest trigger significant publicity. Often no usable products exist and commercial viability is unproven. Peak of Inflated Expectations Early publicity produces a number of success stories—often accompanied by scores of failures. Some companies take action; most don't. Trough of Disillusionment Interest wanes as experiments and implementations fail to deliver. Producers of the technology shake out or fail. Investment continues only if the surviving providers improve their products to the satisfaction of early adopters. Slope of Enlightenment More instances of how the technology can benefit the enterprise start to crystallize and become more widely understood. Second- and third-generation products appear from technology providers. More enterprises fund pilots; conservative companies remain cautious. Plateau of Productivity Mainstream adoption starts to take off. Criteria for assessing provider viability are more clearly defined. The technology's broad market applicability and relevance are clearly paying off. Hype in new media [ ] citation needed citation needed citation needed citation needed Criticisms [ ] The cycle is not scientific in nature, and there is no data or analysis that would justify the cycle. The terms are misleading in the sense that one gets the wrong idea what he or she can use a technology for. The user does not want to be disappointed, so should he or she stay away from technology in the Trough of Disillusionment? No action perspective is offered to move technology to a next phase. This appears to be a very simplified impulse response of an elastic system representable by a differential equation. Perhaps more telling would be to formulate a system model with solutions conforming to observable behavior. See also [ ] Product lifecycle Kondratiev wave References [ ] ^ 26 April     ^ 26 April     ^ 18 February     ^ 26 April         ^     ^ 2011-12-30     ^     ^ March 10,     ^ March 10,     ^ March 10,     2017-01-04     Further reading [ ]     External links [ ] v t e Economics of science Economics of scientific knowledge History and philosophy of science and technology History of technology Antipositivism Empiricism Fuzzy logic Philosophy of science Philosophy of social science Philosophy of technology Positivism Postpositivism Social constructivism Social epistemology Actor–network theory construction of technology shaping of technology scientific Sociology of scientific ignorance Sociology of the history of science Sociotechnology Strong programme Antiscience Bibliometrics Boundary-work Consilience Demarcation problem Double hermeneutic Mapping controversies Paradigm shift Pseudoscience citizen communication education normal post-normal rhetoric wars method consensus controversy enterprise misconduct Scientometrics Team science ecological Unity of science STEM Coproduction Cyborg anthropology Digital anthropology Dematerialization Early adopter Hype cycle diffusion disruptive linear model system user Leapfrogging Normalization process theory Reverse salient Skunkworks project Sociotechnical system Technical change feminist change convergence determinism revolution transitions and society critique of dynamics theories of transfer Engineering studies Women in engineering Digital divide Evidence-based policy Factor 10 history of science of Politicization of science Regulation of science Research ethics Socio-scientific issues Technology assessment Technology policy Transition management Science History of science Technology Sociology Associations Journals Scholars v t e Agricultural robot Closed ecological systems Cultured meat Genetically modified food Precision agriculture Vertical farming Arcology Contour crafting D-Shape Domed city Artificial uterus Ampakine Brain transplant Cryoprotectant Cryopreservation Vitrification Suspended animation De-extinction Gene therapy Head transplant Isolated brain Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence Nanomedicine Nanosensors Personalized medicine Stem-cell therapy Tissue engineering Robot-assisted surgery Synthetic genomics Oncolytic virus Tricorder Whole genome sequencing FED FLCD iMoD Laser LPD OLED OLET QD-LED SED TPD TDEL TMOS Bionic contact lens Head-mounted display Head-up display Optical head-mounted display Virtual retinal display Autostereoscopy Flexible display Computer-generated holography Multi-primary color display Ultra HD Volumetric display Electronic nose E-textiles Flexible electronics Molecular electronics Nanoelectromechanical systems Memristor Spintronics Thermal copper pillar bump Airborne wind turbine Artificial photosynthesis Biofuels Carbon-neutral fuel Concentrated solar power Fusion power Home fuel cell Hydrogen economy Methanol economy Molten salt reactor Nantenna Photovoltaic pavement Space-based solar power Vortex engine Beltway battery Compressed air energy storage Flywheel energy storage Grid energy storage Lithium–air battery Molten salt battery Nanowire battery Research in lithium-ion batteries Silicon–air battery Thermal energy storage Ultracapacitor Smart grid Wireless power Internet of Things Applications of artificial intelligence Progress in artificial intelligence Machine translation Machine vision Semantic Web Speech recognition Atomtronics Carbon nanotube field-effect transistor Cybermethodology 3D optical data storage Holographic data storage GPGPU CBRAM FRAM Millipede MRAM NRAM PRAM Racetrack memory RRAM SONOS Optical computing Chipless RFID Software-defined radio Three-dimensional integrated circuit 3D printing Claytronics Molecular assembler Utility fog Aerogel Amorphous metal Artificial muscle Conductive polymer Femtotechnology Fullerene Graphene High-temperature superconductivity High-temperature superfluidity Linear acetylenic carbon Metamaterial cloaking Metal foam Multi-function structures Carbon nanotubes Molecular nanotechnology Nanomaterials Picotechnology Programmable matter Quantum dots Silicene Superalloy Synthetic diamond Antimatter weapon Caseless ammunition Laser Maser Particle-beam weapon Sonic weapon Coilgun Railgun Plasma weapon Pure fusion weapon Stealth technology Vortex ring gun Blue Brain Project Brain–computer interface Electroencephalography Brain-reading Neuroinformatics Bionic eye Brain implant Exocortex Retinal implant Quantum algorithms Quantum amplifier Quantum bus Quantum channel Quantum circuit Quantum complexity theory Quantum computing Quantum cryptography Quantum dynamics Quantum electronics Quantum error correction Quantum imaging Quantum information Quantum key distribution Quantum logic Quantum logic gates Quantum machine Quantum machine learning Quantum metamaterial Quantum metrology Quantum network Quantum neural network Quantum optics Quantum programming Quantum sensing Quantum simulator Quantum teleportation Domotics Nanorobotics Powered exoskeleton Self-reconfiguring modular robot Swarm robotics Uncrewed vehicle Fusion rocket Mass driver Orbital ring Skyhook Space elevator Space fountain Space tether Reusable launch system Beam-powered propulsion Ion thruster Laser propulsion Helicon thruster VASIMR Project Orion Nuclear pulse propulsion Solar sail Interstellar travel Propellant depot Adaptive compliant wing Aeroscraft Backpack helicopter Delivery drone Flying car High-altitude platform Jet pack Pulse detonation engine Scramjet Skylon Supersonic transport Tweel Hydrogen vehicle Driverless car Ground effect train Maglev train Personal rapid transit ET3 Global Alliance Hyperloop Vehicular communication systems Automated vacuum collection Foodtubes Anti-gravity Cloak of invisibility Digital scent technology Plasma window VirtuSphere Magnetic refrigeration Phased-array optics Collingridge dilemma Differential technological development Ephemeralization Exploratory engineering Fictional technology Proactionary principle Technological unemployment Technological convergence Technological evolution Technological paradigm Accelerating change Moore's law Technological singularity Technology scouting Technology readiness level Technology roadmap Transhumanism v t e Outline of technology Outline of applied science Agricultural engineering Aquaculture Fisheries science Food chemistry Food engineering Food microbiology Food technology GURT ICT Nutrition Bioinformatics Biological engineering Biomechatronics Biomedical engineering Biotechnology Cheminformatics Genetic engineering Healthcare science Medical research Medical technology Nanomedicine Neuroscience Neurotechnology Pharmacology Reproductive technology Tissue engineering Acoustical engineering Architectural engineering Building services engineering Civil engineering Construction engineering Domestic technology Facade engineering Fire protection engineering Safety engineering Sanitary engineering Structural engineering Educational software Digital technologies in education ICT in education Impact Multimedia learning Virtual campus Virtual education Nuclear engineering Nuclear technology Petroleum engineering Soft energy technology Clean technology Clean coal technology Ecological design Ecological engineering Ecotechnology Environmental engineering Environmental engineering science Green building Green nanotechnology Landscape engineering Renewable energy Sustainable design Sustainable engineering Automation Business informatics Engineering management Enterprise engineering Financial engineering Industrial biotechnology Industrial engineering Metallurgy Mining engineering Productivity improving technologies Research and development Tribology Artificial intelligence Broadcast engineering Computer engineering Computer science Financial technology Information technology Music technology Ontology engineering RF engineering Software engineering Telecommunications engineering Visual technology Web engineering Army engineering maintenance Electronic warfare Military communications Military engineering Stealth technology Aerospace engineering Automotive engineering Naval architecture Space technology Traffic engineering Transport engineering Cryogenics Electro-optics Electronics Engineering geology Engineering physics Hydraulics Materials science Microfabrication Nanoengineering Audio Biochemical Ceramic Chemical Polymer Control Electrical Electronic Entertainment Geotechnical Hydraulic Mechanical Mechatronics Optical Protein Quantum Animatronics Systems Infrastructure Timeline Knowledge Machine Craft Gadget Femtotechnology Picotechnology Nanotechnology Microtechnology Macro-engineering Megascale engineering Prehistoric technology Neolithic Revolution Ancient technology Medieval technology Renaissance technology Second Atomic Age Jet Age Space Age Digital Revolution Information Age Appropriate technology Collingridge dilemma Critique of technology Diffusion of innovations Disruptive innovation Dual-use technology Ephemeralization High tech Hype cycle Low-technology Mature technology Strategy of Technology Technicism Techno-progressivism Technocapitalism Technocentrism Technocracy Technocriticism Technoculture Technoethics Technoetic Technogaianism Technoliberalism Technolibertarianism Technological alliance Technological apartheid Technological change Technological convergence Technological determinism Technological escalation Technological evolution Technological fix Technological innovation system Technological momentum Technological nationalism Technological paradigm Technological rationality Technological revival Technological revolution Technological self-efficacy Singularitarianism Technological somnambulism Technological transitions Technological unemployment Technological utopianism Technology acceptance model Technology adoption lifecycle Technomancy Technopaganism Technorealism Technoromanticism feminist Transhumanism List Fictional technology High-technology business districts Kardashev scale List of technologies Ethics of technology Technology dynamics Science and technology by country Pre-STEM women STEAM fields Technology alignment Technology assessment Technology brokering Technology companies Technology demonstration Technical universities and colleges Technology evangelist Technology fusion Technology governance Technology integration Technology journalism Technology management Technology museum Technology policy Technology shock Technology strategy Technology and society Technology transfer Technophilia Technophobia Technoself Technosexual Technosignature Technostress Terotechnology Technology in society Innovation Product lifecycle management Technological change All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015 Articles with unsourced statements from November 2010 Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Languages Català Deutsch Español Euskara Français 한국어 Italiano 日本語 Русский Українська 中文 Edit links
This page was last edited on 31 August 2017, at 22:06. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewIntroduction to Machine Learning - Online Course
× Data Scientist
with R Career Data Scientist
with Python Career Quantitative Analyst
with R Career Data Manipulation
with Python Skill Data Visualization
with R Skill Importing & Cleaning Data
with R Skill | Hadley Wickham Max Kuhn Filip Schouwenaars Hugo Bowne-Anderson Dhavide Aruliah David Robinson
paid course
Introduction to Machine Learning 6 hours 15 Videos 81 Exercises 52,326 Participants 6700 XP Data Science Instructor at DataCamp Vincent has a Master's degree in Artificial Intelligence, and has more than 3 years of experience with machine learning problems of different kinds. He experienced first-hand the difficulties that come with building and assessing machine learning systems. This made him passionate about teaching people how to do machine learning the right way. Doctoral Student at Vrije Universiteit Brussel Even though Gilles has recently graduated with a degree in Fundamental Mathematics, he knows that there's more to be done than mathematics. With a solid knowledge in classical statistics, he now pursues a PhD in parallelizing regression modeling techniques. Filip Schouwenaars Sebastian Perez Saaibi Course Description This online machine learning course is perfect for those who have a solid basis in R and statistics, but are complete beginners with machine learning. After a broad overview of the discipline's most common techniques and applications, you'll gain more insight into the assessment and training of different machine learning models. The rest of the course is dedicated to a first reconnaissance with three of the most basic machine learning tasks: classification, regression and clustering. 1
Free
In this first chapter, you get your first intro to machine learning. After learning the true fundamentals of machine learning, you'll experiment with the techniques that are explained in more detail in future chapters.
50 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
You'll learn how to assess the performance of both supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms. Next, you'll learn why and how you should split your data in a training set and a test set. Finally, the concepts of bias and variance are explained.
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
You'll gradually take your first steps to correctly perform classification, one of the most important tasks in machine learning today. By the end of this chapter, you'll be able to learn and build a decision tree and to classify unseen observations with k-Nearest Neighbors.
50 xp
100 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
100 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
200 xp
Although a traditional subject in classical statistics, you can also consider regression from a machine learning point of view. You'll learn more about the predictive capabilities and performance of regression algorithms. At the end of this chapter you'll be acquainted with simple linear regression, multi-linear regression and k-Nearest Neighbors regression.
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
As an unsupervised learning technique, clustering requires a different approach than the ones you have seen in the previous chapters. How can you cluster? When is a clustering any good? All these questions will be answered; you'll also learn about k-means clustering and hierarchical clustering along the way. At the end of this chapter and our machine learning video tutorials, you’ll have a basic understanding of all the main principles.
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
50 xp
100 xp
100 xp
100 xp
50 xp
200 xp
Learn Courses Skill Tracks Career Tracks Pricing Resources Community RDocumentation Course Editor Upcoming Courses Groups For Business For Academics About Company Stories Jobs Become an Instructor Press Privacy Policy Terms of Use
DataCamp offers interactive R and Python courses on topics in data science, statistics, and machine learning. Learn from a team of expert teachers in the comfort of your browser with video lessons and fun coding challenges.
×Machine Learning From Data
Machine Learning From Data (CSCI 4100/6100), RPI Help Hours: Mon, Thur, 2-4pm,
AE 112 (Chander); Sun 2-6pm, Library Fishbach Room (UG-mentors).Machine Learning Video Library - Learning From Data (Abu-Mostafa)
Machine Learning video segments by topic - Professor Yaser Abu-Mostafa Machine Learning video segments by topic - Professor Yaser Abu-Mostafa VIDEO SEGMENTS BY TOPIC Index of Topics -- Use your browser's "Find" to look for keywords below -- -- Use your browser's "Find" to look for keywords below -- Aggregation Bayesian Learning Bias-Variance Tradeoff Bin Model Data Snooping Error Measures Gradient Descent Learning Curves Learning Diagram Learning Paradigms Linear Classification Linear Regression Logistic Regression Netflix Competition Neural Networks Nonlinear Transformation Occam's Razor Overfitting Radial Basis Functions Regularization Sampling Bias Support Vector Machines Validation VC Dimension [Menu of topics] Yaser's page Telecourse page Textbook ForumMachine learning | TED.com
Menu Ideas worth spreading
Search:
Machine learning Video playlists about Machine learning 1h 37m Talks about Machine learning
9:46
Aug 2017
6:32
Jun 2017
17:35
May 2017
10:20
Feb 2017
13:44
Dec 2016
17:42
Oct 2016
14:27
Sep 2016
4:36
Under 6 minutes
Aug 2016
17:34
Jun 2016
15:00
Jun 2016
15:28
Apr 2016
13:09
Oct 2015
16:31
Apr 2015
19:45
Dec 2014
11:48
Feb 2014
12:12
Sep 2012
Programs & initiatives
TEDx TED Prize TED Fellows TED Ed TED Translators TED Books TED Institute
Ways to get TED
TED Radio Hour on NPR More ways to get TED Follow TED Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube TED Blog Our community TED Speakers TED Fellows TED Translators TEDx Organizers TED Community Get TED email updates Subscribe to receive email notifications
whenever new talks are published.
Please enter an email address.
Please enter a valid email address.
Please check your details and try again.
Please check your details and try again.
Sorry, we're currently having trouble
processing new newsletter signups.
Please try again later.
Thanks! Please check your inbox
for a confirmation email.
Language Selector TED Talks Usage Policy Privacy Policy Advertising / Partnership TED.com Terms of Use Contact Jobs Press Help
© TED Conferences, LLCAI versus machine learning: what's the difference? | WIRED UK
Technology Technology Science Science Culture Culture Video Video Reviews Reviews Magazine Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow 00 / 00 These body hackers have stepped straight out of sci-fi
Art
Bryan Cranston on the beauty of Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams
Sci-Fi
In the battle to change people's minds, desires come before facts
Neuroscience
10 must-read stories you may have missed this week
WIRED Weekender
Here's a snappy summary of all the iPhone X hands-on reviews
iPhone
We're lucky Earth isn't caught in a permanent Ice Age
Exoplanets
This crazy intricate 3D-printed chair was built by robots
Robots
How to change minds and influence people's behaviour
Neuroscience
At Open House London this weekend? Here's a handy guide
Design
How do you capture the terrifying reality of Iraqi bomb disposal?
WIRED Photo
Your must-see exhibitions at the 2017 London Design Festival
Architecture
Apple's iPhone X reveal was a major augmented reality letdown
WIRED Opinion
Study into fluid dynamics of cats wins big at 2017 Ig Nobel Prize
Cats
A farewell to Cassini, from the scientist behind its iconic photos
Nasa
Polaroid is back with a new but retro instant camera
Gadgets
The Babadook and 15 more of the best films on Netflix UK
TV
All the best images from Cassini's groundbreaking mission
Nasa
These new satellite images show the scale of Irma's destruction
Weather
From AR to robots, we're finally getting the store of the future
WIRED Retail 2017
So-so Apple, LEGO Star Wars: Podcast 335
Podcast
wired These body hackers have stepped straight out of sci-fi
Art
Bryan Cranston on the beauty of Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams
Sci-Fi
In the battle to change people's minds, desires come before facts
Neuroscience
10 must-read stories you may have missed this week
WIRED Weekender
Here's a snappy summary of all the iPhone X hands-on reviews
iPhone
We're lucky Earth isn't caught in a permanent Ice Age
Exoplanets
This crazy intricate 3D-printed chair was built by robots
Robots
How to change minds and influence people's behaviour
Neuroscience
At Open House London this weekend? Here's a handy guide
Design
How do you capture the terrifying reality of Iraqi bomb disposal?
WIRED Photo
Your must-see exhibitions at the 2017 London Design Festival
Architecture
Apple's iPhone X reveal was a major augmented reality letdown
WIRED Opinion
Study into fluid dynamics of cats wins big at 2017 Ig Nobel Prize
Cats
A farewell to Cassini, from the scientist behind its iconic photos
Nasa
Polaroid is back with a new but retro instant camera
Gadgets
The Babadook and 15 more of the best films on Netflix UK
TV
All the best images from Cassini's groundbreaking mission
Nasa
These new satellite images show the scale of Irma's destruction
Weather
From AR to robots, we're finally getting the store of the future
WIRED Retail 2017
So-so Apple, LEGO Star Wars: Podcast 335
Podcast
Machine learning versus AI: what's the difference? AI and machine learning are very much related, but they're not quite the same thing By Lee Bell 01 Dec 2016 By Lee Bell Thanks to the likes of Google, Amazon, and Facebook, the terms artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning have become much more widespread than ever before. They are often used interchangeably and promise all sorts from smarter home appliances to robots taking our jobs. The UK has a new AI centre – so when robots kill, we know who to blame
Artificial intelligence
But while AI and machine learning are very much related, they are not quite the same thing. Google's new AI learns by baking tasty machine learning cookies By Rowland Manthorpe AI is a branch of computer science attempting to build machines capable of intelligent behaviour, while
Stanford University defines machine learning as “the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed”.
You need AI researchers to build the smart machines, but you need machine learning experts to make them truly intelligent. Google's new algorithm edits your photos in the blink of an eye By Elizabeth Stinson Let’s take a very simplified example. When you make a typo, for instance, while searching in Google, it gives you the message: "Did you mean..."? This is the result of one of Google's machine learning algorithms; a system that detects what searches you make a couple seconds after making a certain search. For example, suppose you were searching for 'WIRED' on Google but accidentally typed 'Wored'. After the search, you'd probably realise you typed it wrong and you'd go back and search for 'WIRED' a couple of seconds later. Google’s algorithm recognises that you searched for something a couple of seconds after searching something else, and it keeps this in mind for future users who make a similar typing mistake. As a result, Google 'learns' to correct it for you. This AI turns #FoodPorn into recipes you can use By Matt Burgess While this is a very basic example, data scientists, developers, and researchers are using much more complex methods of machine learning to gain insights previously out of reach. Programs that learn from experience are helping them discover how the human genome works, understand consumer behaviour to a degree never before possible and build systems for purchase recommendations, image recognition, and fraud prevention, among other uses. So now you have a basic idea of what machine learning is, how is it different to that of AI? We spoke to Intel’s Nidhi Chappell, head of machine learning to clear this up. “AI is basically the intelligence – how we make machines intelligent, while machine learning is the implementation of the compute methods that support it. The way I think of it is: AI is the science and machine learning is the algorithms that make the machines smarter. “So the enabler for AI is machine learning,” she added. Drones and phones are the next frontier for AI breakthroughs By Matt Burgess Chappell went on to explain that machine learning is the fastest growing part of AI, so that’s why we are seeing a lot of conversations around this lately. Even though it’s a small percentage of the workloads in computing today, it’s the fastest growing area, so that’s why everyone is honing in on that. "Simple examples are when you go to a new place and search online for ‘top things to do’, the order you see them in is defined by machine learning, and how they are ranked and rated, this is all machine learning,” Chappell said, adding that it’s the same story for when news is trending. DeepMind's AI learned to ride the London Underground using human-like reason and memory
Artificial intelligence
Microsoft wants to be a major AI player. Here's its master plan By Bonnie Christian “AI has become so pervasive in our lives we don’t come to recognise that it’s powering a lot of things,” she added. “You probably use it dozens of times a day without knowing it.” "Your smartphone, house, bank, and car already use AI on a daily basis," explained Facebook engineering leads Yann LeCun and Joaquin Quiñonero Candela. "Sometimes it’s obvious, like when you ask Siri to get you directions to the nearest gas station, or Facebook suggests a friend for you to tag in an image you posted online. Sometimes less so, like when you use your Amazon Echo to make an unusual purchase on your credit card and don’t get a fraud alert from your bank. "AI is going to bring major shifts in society through developments in self-driving cars, medical image analysis, better medical diagnosis, and personalised medicine. And it will also be the backbone of many of the most innovative apps and services of tomorrow." The pair continued that AI isn't magic, it's just maths - albeit really hard maths. The three types of AI learning But in order for AI to progress, machine learning must make big jumps in terms of performance, and this is rarely possible in the traditional high-performance computing world, where problems are well-defined and optimisation work has already been happening for many years. Machine learning algorithms still have room for improvement, and that’s why a lot of the large technology companies are making it a central focus to their strategy, and working tirelessly to make it more intelligent, in order to push forward and create the next innovation, such as completely autonomous and 100 per cent safe self-driving cars. RECOMMENDED RECOMMENDED Biofuels versus petrol – what's the difference? By Amelia Heathman
Fossil Fuels
Google's DeepMind trains AI to cut its energy bills by 40% By Matt Burgess
Google
Microsoft wants to 'solve' cancer in the next 10 years using AI By Amelia Heathman
Health
Yahoo's anti-abuse AI can hunt out even the most devious online trolls By Matthew Reynolds
Yahoo
Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree | Udacity
Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree Make Predictive Models Machine learning represents a key evolution in the fields of computer science, data analysis, software engineering, and artificial intelligence. This program will teach you how to become a machine learning engineer, and apply predictive models to massive data sets in fields like finance, healthcare, education, and more.
Total time between today and graduation day depends on your weekly commitment. On average, our graduates complete this Nanodegree program in
6 months.
1 1 2 2 3 3 Start with a one-week free trial. Nanodegree Program Syllabus In this optional project, you will create decision functions that attempt to predict survival outcomes from the 1912 Titanic disaster based on each passenger’s features, such as sex and age. You will start with a simple algorithm and increase its complexity until you are able to accurately predict the outcomes for at least 80% of the passengers in the provided data. This project will introduce you to some of the concepts of machine learning as you start the Nanodegree program. In this optional project, you will create decision functions that attempt to predict survival outcomes from the 1912 Titanic disaster based on each passenger’s features, such as sex and age. You will start with a simple algorithm and increase its complexity until you are able to accurately predict the outcomes for at least 80% of the passengers in the provided data. This project will introduce you to some of the concepts of machine learning as you start the Nanodegree program. The Boston housing market is highly competitive, and you want to be the best real estate agent in the area. To compete with your peers, you decide to leverage a few basic machine learning concepts to assist you and a client with finding the best selling price for their home. Luckily, you’ve come across the Boston Housing dataset which contains aggregated data on various features for houses in Greater Boston communities, including the median value of homes for each of those areas. Your task is to build an optimal model based on a statistical analysis with the tools available. This model will then used to estimate the best selling price for your client’s home. Intro to Descriptive Statistics Intro to Data Science The Boston housing market is highly competitive, and you want to be the best real estate agent in the area. To compete with your peers, you decide to leverage a few basic machine learning concepts to assist you and a client with finding the best selling price for their home. Luckily, you’ve come across the Boston Housing dataset which contains aggregated data on various features for houses in Greater Boston communities, including the median value of homes for each of those areas. Your task is to build an optimal model based on a statistical analysis with the tools available. This model will then used to estimate the best selling price for your client’s home. CharityML is a fictitious charity organization located in the heart of Silicon Valley that was established to provide financial support for people eager to learn machine learning. After nearly 32,000 letters sent to people in the community, CharityML determined that every donation they received came from someone that was making more than $50,000 annually. To expand their potential donor base, CharityML has decided to send letters to residents of California, but to only those most likely to donate to the charity. With nearly 15 million working Californians, CharityML has brought you on board to help build an algorithm to best identify potential donors and reduce overhead cost of sending mail. Your goal will be evaluate and optimize several different supervised learners to determine which algorithm will provide the highest donation yield while also reducing the total number of letters being sent. CharityML is a fictitious charity organization located in the heart of Silicon Valley that was established to provide financial support for people eager to learn machine learning. After nearly 32,000 letters sent to people in the community, CharityML determined that every donation they received came from someone that was making more than $50,000 annually. To expand their potential donor base, CharityML has decided to send letters to residents of California, but to only those most likely to donate to the charity. With nearly 15 million working Californians, CharityML has brought you on board to help build an algorithm to best identify potential donors and reduce overhead cost of sending mail. Your goal will be evaluate and optimize several different supervised learners to determine which algorithm will provide the highest donation yield while also reducing the total number of letters being sent. A wholesale distributor recently tested a change to their delivery method for some customers, by moving from a morning delivery service five days a week to a cheaper evening delivery service three days a week.Initial testing did not discover any significant unsatisfactory results, so they implemented the cheaper option for all customers. Almost immediately, the distributor began getting complaints about the delivery service change and customers were canceling deliveries — losing the distributor more money than what was being saved. You’ve been hired by the wholesale distributor to find what types of customers they have to help them make better, more informed business decisions in the future. Your task is to use unsupervised learning techniques to see if any similarities exist between customers, and how to best segment customers into distinct categories. A wholesale distributor recently tested a change to their delivery method for some customers, by moving from a morning delivery service five days a week to a cheaper evening delivery service three days a week.Initial testing did not discover any significant unsatisfactory results, so they implemented the cheaper option for all customers. Almost immediately, the distributor began getting complaints about the delivery service change and customers were canceling deliveries — losing the distributor more money than what was being saved. You’ve been hired by the wholesale distributor to find what types of customers they have to help them make better, more informed business decisions in the future. Your task is to use unsupervised learning techniques to see if any similarities exist between customers, and how to best segment customers into distinct categories. In the not-so-distant future, taxicab companies across the United States no longer employ human drivers to operate their fleet of vehicles. Instead, the taxicabs are operated by self-driving agents — known as **smartcabs** — to transport people from one location to another within the cities those companies operate. In major metropolitan areas, such as Chicago, New York City, and San Francisco, an increasing number of people have come to rely on **smartcabs** to get to where they need to go as safely and efficiently as possible. Although **smartcabs** have become the transport of choice, concerns have arose that a self-driving agent might not be as safe or efficient as human drivers, particularly when considering city traffic lights and other vehicles. To alleviate these concerns, your task as an employee for a national taxicab company is to use reinforcement learning techniques to construct a demonstration of a **smartcab** operating in real-time to prove that both safety and efficiency can be achieved. Reinforcement Learning Build a dog breed classifier using a Convolutional Neural Network. Build a dog breed classifier using a Convolutional Neural Network. In this capstone project, you will leverage what you’ve learned throughout the Nanodegree program to solve a problem of your choice by applying machine learning algorithms and techniques. You will first **define** the problem you want to solve and investigate potential solutions and performance metrics. Next, you will **analyze** the problem through visualizations and data exploration to have a better understanding of what algorithms and features are appropriate for solving it.
You will then **implement** your algorithms and metrics of choice, documenting the preprocessing, refinement, and postprocessing steps along the way. Afterwards, you will collect **results** about the performance of the models used, visualize significant quantities, and validate/justify these values. Finally, you will construct **conclusions** about your results, and discuss whether your implementation adequately solves the problem.
In this project, you will update your resume according to the conventions that recruiters expect and get tips on how to best represent yourself to pass the "6 second screen". You will also make sure that your resume is appropriately targeted for the job you’re applying for. We recommend all students update their resumes to show off their newly acquired skills regardless of whether you are looking for a new job soon. In this project, you will update your resume according to the conventions that recruiters expect and get tips on how to best represent yourself to pass the "6 second screen". You will also make sure that your resume is appropriately targeted for the job you’re applying for. We recommend all students update their resumes to show off their newly acquired skills regardless of whether you are looking for a new job soon. For this project, you will be given five technical interviewing questions on a variety of topics discussed in the technical interviewing course. You should write up a clean and efficient answer in Python, as well as a text explanation of the efficiency of your code and your design choices. A qualified reviewer will look over your answer and give you feedback on anything that might be awesome or lacking—is your solution the most efficient one possible? Are you doing a good job of explaining your thoughts? Is your code elegant and easy to read? For this project, you will be given five technical interviewing questions on a variety of topics discussed in the technical interviewing course. You should write up a clean and efficient answer in Python, as well as a text explanation of the efficiency of your code and your design choices. A qualified reviewer will look over your answer and give you feedback on anything that might be awesome or lacking—is your solution the most efficient one possible? Are you doing a good job of explaining your thoughts? Is your code elegant and easy to read? Student Reviews Why Take This Nanodegree Program? This program will equip you with key skills that will prepare you to fill roles with companies seeking machine learning experts (or to introduce machine learning techniques to their organizations). Machine learning is literally everywhere, and is often at work even when we don’t realize it. Google Translate, Siri, and Facebook News Feeds are just a few popular examples of machine learning’s omnipresence. The ability to develop machines and systems that automatically improve, puts machine learning at the absolute forefront of virtually any field that relies on data. Job-ready project portfolio Personalized feedback on projects Coach-supported forums Career guidance (interview, resume, etc.) Access to course materials Verified Nanodegree Credential Best-in-class courses taught by expert instructors
A Nanodegree program is an innovative curriculum path that is outcome-based and career-oriented.
Every program has a clear end-goal, and the ideal path to get you there. Courses are built with
industry leaders like Google, AT&T, and Facebook, and are taught by leading subject matter
experts. Students benefit from personalized mentoring and project-review throughout, and have
regular access to instructors and course managers through moderated forums.
Graduates earn an industry-recognized credential and benefit from extensive career support. The
ultimate goal of a Nanodegree program is to teach the skills you need, for the career you want,
so you can build the life you deserve.
Student Success Story Web Solutions Engineer, Google Enrollment Learning with Udacity means getting you exactly where you want to be in your career. Most Popular Nanodegree Program Our flagship Nanodegree programs represent career-track education at its most innovative. Every program is comprised of these core features: Master cutting-edge skills sought by leading companies Rigorous, timely project and code reviews Build an optimized portfolio, earn a recognized credential Connect directly to exclusive hiring partners Graduate in 12 months, get a 50% tuition refund Nanodegree Plus If your goal is to secure a specific role in a specific field, we have Nanodegree Plus—all the features of the Nanodegree program, plus a job guarantee. Master cutting-edge skills sought by leading companies Rigorous, timely project and code reviews Build an optimized portfolio, earn a recognized credential Connect directly to exclusive hiring partners Prerequisites and Requirements Prior to entering the Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree program, the student should have the following knowledge: Strings, numbers, and variables Statements, operators, and expressions Lists, tuples, and dictionaries Conditions, loops Procedures, objects, modules, and libraries Troubleshooting and debugging Research & documentation Problem solving Populations, samples Mean, median, mode Standard error Variation, standard deviations Normal distribution Derivatives Integrals Series expansions Matrix operations through eigenvectors and eigenvalues Program Leads Course Developer Course Developer Course Developer Instructor Instructor Instructor Start with a one-week free trial. Get Notified Get notified when the Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree program launches. Thanks for your interest! We'll be in touch soon. Android Basics Android Developer Become an iOS Developer Business Analyst Data Analyst Data Foundations Front-End Web Developer Full Stack Web Developer Intro to Programming React Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Foundations Digital Marketing Machine Learning Engineer Robotics Self-Driving Car Engineer VR Developer Catalog Career Resource Center Hiring Partners Student Success Udacity Connect Udacity Talks Scholarships Nanodegree Plus Veterans Georgia Tech Udacity Self-Driving Car About Blog In the News Jobs Mobile Udacity Intersect Udacity for Business Corporate Training Hire Graduates Contact Us Help and FAQ Service Status Course Guides Tech Requirements Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map © 2011–2017 Udacity, Inc. © 2011–2017 Udacity, Inc. Legal & Privacy Regulatory Information Site Map © 2011–2017 Udacity, Inc. Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer degrees. Udacity 现已提供中文版本！ A Udacity tem uma página em português para você! There's a local version of Udacity for you! Sprechen Sie Deutsch? 将此设置为 Udacity 默认主页 Tornar esta a página padrão da Udacity Always make this my Udacity homepage 前往优达学城中文网站 Ir para a página brasileira Go to Indian Site Zu de.udacity.comA Machine Learning Introductory Tutorial with Examples | Toptal
Start hiring Login Top 3% Why Clients Partners Community Blog About Us Start hiring Apply as a Developer Login Questions? Contact Us Start hiring Login An Introduction to Machine Learning Theory and Its Applications: A Visual Tutorial with Examples 0 shares Marisela Ordaz Machine Learning (ML) is coming into its own, with a growing recognition that ML can play a key role in a wide range of critical applications, such as data mining, natural language processing, image recognition, and expert systems.
ML provides potential solutions in all these domains and more, and is set to be a pillar of our future civilization. What is Machine Learning? So if you want your program to predict, for example, traffic patterns at a busy intersection (task T), you can run it through a machine learning algorithm with data about past traffic patterns (experience E) and, if it has successfully “learned”, it will then do better at predicting future traffic patterns (performance measure P). Among the different types of ML tasks, a crucial distinction is drawn between supervised and unsupervised learning: We will primarily focus on supervised learning here, but the end of the article includes a brief discussion of unsupervised learning with some links for those who are interested in pursuing the topic further. Supervised Machine Learning So let’s say our simple predictor has this form: A Simple Machine Learning Example We stick to simple problems in this post for the sake of illustration, but the reason ML exists is because, in the real world, the problems are much more complex. On this flat screen we can draw you a picture of, at most, a three-dimensional data set, but ML problems commonly deal with data with millions of dimensions, and very complex predictor functions.
ML solves problems that cannot be solved by numerical means alone. With that in mind, let’s look at a simple example. Say we have the following training data, wherein company employees have rated their satisfaction on a scale of 1 to 100: First, notice that the data is a little noisy. That is, while we can see that there is a pattern to it (i.e. employee satisfaction tends to go up as salary goes up), it does not all fit neatly on a straight line. This will always be the case with real-world data (and we absolutely want to train our machine using real-world data!). So then how can we train a machine to perfectly predict an employee’s level of satisfaction? The answer, of course, is that we can’t.
The goal of ML is never to make “perfect” guesses, because ML deals in domains where there is no such thing. The goal is to make guesses that are good enough to be useful. If we ask this predictor for the satisfaction of an employee making $60k, it would predict a rating of 27: It’s obvious that this was a terrible guess and that this machine doesn’t know very much. And if we repeat this process, say 1500 times, our predictor will end up looking like this: Now we’re getting somewhere. A Note on Complexity This function takes input in four dimensions and has a variety of polynomial terms. Deriving a normal equation for this function is a significant challenge. Many modern machine learning problems take thousands or even millions of dimensions of data to build predictions using hundreds of coefficients. Predicting how an organism’s genome will be expressed, or what the climate will be like in fifty years, are examples of such complex problems. Fortunately, the iterative approach taken by ML systems is much more resilient in the face of such complexity. Instead of using brute force, a machine learning system “feels its way” to the answer. For big problems, this works much better. While this doesn’t mean that ML can solve all arbitrarily complex problems (it can’t), it does make for an incredibly flexible and powerful tool. Gradient Descent - Minimizing “Wrongness” With least squares, the penalty for a bad guess goes up quadratically with the difference between the guess and the correct answer, so it acts as a very “strict” measurement of wrongness. The cost function computes an average penalty over all of the training examples. Consider the following plot of a cost function for some particular ML problem: That covers the basic theory underlying the majority of supervised Machine Learning systems. But the basic concepts can be applied in a variety of different ways, depending on the problem at hand. Classification Problems Under supervised ML, two major subcategories are: Our examples so far have focused on regression problems, so let’s now also take a look at a classification example. In classification, a regression predictor is not very useful. What we usually want is a predictor that makes a guess somewhere between 0 and 1. In a cookie quality classifier, a prediction of 1 would represent a very confident guess that the cookie is perfect and utterly mouthwatering. A prediction of 0 represents high confidence that the cookie is an embarrassment to the cookie industry. Values falling within this range represent less confidence, so we might design our system such that prediction of 0.6 means “Man, that’s a tough call, but I’m gonna go with yes, you can sell that cookie,” while a value exactly in the middle, at 0.5, might represent complete uncertainty. This isn’t always how confidence is distributed in a classifier but it’s a very common design and works for purposes of our illustration. so that our predictor becomes: Notice that the sigmoid function transforms our output into the range between 0 and 1. This behavior is captured by the log function, such that: A classification predictor can be visualized by drawing the boundary line; i.e., the barrier where the prediction changes from a “yes” (a prediction greater than 0.5) to a “no” (a prediction less than 0.5). With a well-designed system, our cookie data can generate a classification boundary that looks like this: Now that’s a machine that knows a thing or two about cookies! An Introduction to Neural Networks Neural networks are well suited to machine learning problems where the number of inputs is gigantic. The computational cost of handling such a problem is just too overwhelming for the types of systems we’ve discussed above. As it turns out, however, neural networks can be effectively tuned using techniques that are strikingly similar to gradient descent in principle. Unsupervised Machine Learning Unsupervised learning typically is tasked with finding relationships within data. There are no training examples used in this process. Instead, the system is given a set data and tasked with finding patterns and correlations therein.
A good example is identifying close-knit groups of friends in social network data. Conclusion We’ve covered much of the basic theory underlying the field of Machine Learning here, but of course, we have only barely scratched the surface. Keep in mind that to really apply the theories contained in this introduction to real life machine learning examples, a much deeper understanding of the topics discussed herein is necessary. There are many subtleties and pitfalls in ML, and many ways to be lead astray by what appears to be a perfectly well-tuned thinking machine. Almost every part of the basic theory can be played with and altered endlessly, and the results are often fascinating. Many grow into whole new fields of study that are better suited to particular problems. Acknowledgement About the author    0 shares Comments Disqus 0 shares Working with Angular 4 Forms: Input Validation 2 days ago 2 days ago How to Choose the Best Front-end Framework 3 days ago 3 days ago Implementing Serverless Node.js Functions Using Google Cloud 6 days ago 6 days ago Common Mistakes in Client Communication: How to Not Frustrate Your Client 9 days ago 9 days ago Conquer String Search with the Aho-Corasick Algorithm 12 days ago 12 days ago Web Accessibility: Why W3C Standards Are Often Ignored 17 days ago 17 days ago Maximum Flow and the Linear Assignment Problem 20 days ago 20 days ago Getting Started with the SRVB Cryptosystem 23 days ago 23 days ago Back-End Machine Learning Big Data Toptal Developers Android Developers AngularJS Developers Back-End Developers C++ Developers Data Scientists DevOps Engineers Ember.js Developers Freelance Developers Front-End Developers Full Stack Developers HTML5 Developers iOS Developers Java Developers JavaScript Developers Machine Learning Engineers Magento Developers Mobile App Developers .NET Developers Node.js Developers PHP Developers Python Developers React.js Developers Ruby Developers Ruby on Rails Developers Salesforce Developers Scala Developers Software Developers Unity or Unity3D Developers Web Developers WordPress Developers Join the Toptal community. Highest In-Demand Talent iOS Developer Front-End Developer UX Designer UI Designer Financial Modeling Consultants Interim CFOs About Top 3% Clients Freelance Developers Freelance Designers Freelance Finance Experts About Us Contact Contact Us Press Center Careers FAQ Social Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Hire the top 3% of freelance talent © Copyright 2010 - 2017 Toptal, LLC © Copyright 2010 - 2017 Toptal, LLC Privacy Policy Website Terms Home Home Blog Blog An Introduction to Machine Learning Theory and Its Applications: A Visual Tutorial with Examples An Introduction to Machine Learning Theory and Its Applications: A Visual Tutorial with ExamplesMachine Learning with JavaScript : Part 1 – Hacker Noon
Homepage Follow Homepage Home Newsletter Top Stories AI
VC ICO Javascript Origin Story Latest in Tech Blocked Unblock Follow Following Machine Learning with JavaScript : Part 1 And you thought it wasn’t easy It has been around for quite a while now, with Google going from mobile-first strategy to AI-first. Why JavaScript is not mentioned with ML? Libraries are usually made for Python. (The JS people are not behind) There are a handful of libraries in JavaScript with pre-made Machine Learning algorithms, such as Linear Regression, SVMs, Naive-Bayes’s, et cetera. Here are a few of them, Pretty neat, eh? Now that our data has successfully been dressed, it’s time to train our model. Here’s how it looks: (Note that I am using Node.js’ readline utility) And here’s the code for adding reading user input: If you followed the steps, this is how your index.js should look: Congratulations. You just trained your first Linear Regression Model in JavaScript. (Did you notice the speed?) Machine Learning ML Js JavaScript Ml With Js Blocked Unblock Follow Following Abhishek Soni Follow Hacker Noon how hackers start their afternoons. Share Get updates Get updatesInvestopedia - Sharper Insight. Smarter Investing.
Topics
Equifax Two Top Technology Executives Leave Company 'Effective Immediately'
Pot Stock Winners of the Week
News Financial Advisors Markets Anxiety Index Investing Managing Wealth ETFs The Trump Economy Retirement Personal Finance Trading ETFs Made Simple Tech Life Stages Small Business Bitcoin Reference Broker Reviews Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs How a Chess Champion Became a Renowned Economist Stock Basics Economics Basics Options Basics Series 7 Exam CFA Level 1 Series 65 Exam Advisors Atlanta Los Angeles Boston New York Houston Markets Simulator Academy
Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses
Newsletters Dow S&P 500 Nasdaq Oil Gold Silver Gas US 2 Year US 5 Year US 10 Year US 30 Year Equifax Two Top Technology Executives Leave Company 'Effective Immediately' Pot Stock Winners of the Week 8 Reasons to Sell Your Home with an Agent How 'Cryptocurrency Agnosticism' Could Impact the Industry Cybersecurity Stocks in Play After Equifax Hack Alibaba’s Ma, Tsai to Unload Shares: Will it Hurt? Gold and Blockchain: An Unlikely Power Couple How Blockchain Technology is Changing Real Estate Apple, Alphabet Among 30 Highest-Rated Picks: UBS Samsung to Surge Thanks to Apple: JPMorgan Micron to Boom on DRAM Prices in Q1: Goldman Stock Hedges Soar on Fear of Market Plunge The Trump Economy: News and Analysis How Stocks, Economy Will Suffer From Irma, Harvey Which Income Class Are You? Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors 13 Stocks That Are Safe From Amazon Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing Buffett's Bet with the Hedge Funds: And the Winner Is … Does Crypto Have Intrinsic Value? It Depends ETFs: A Derivative By Any Other Name The World's Top 10 Economies The Pros and (Mostly) Cons of Early Retirement Three Companies the iPhone Killed 5 Biggest Credit Card Data Hacks in History What Does It Cost To Raise a Child in America? Best Places to Retire Abroad How a Chess Champion Became a Renowned Economist 8 Money Rules for Newlyweds Why an Annuity May Not Be Right for You Which Type of Special Needs Trust Is Best for You? When It Comes to Investing, Risk Is Always On Invest smarter Connect Personal Finance Second Mortgage Was I Hacked? Find Out If the Equifax Breach Affects You Credit Score Managing Wealth Zillow Estimates: Not As Accurate As You Think What Level of Return on Equity is Common for Bank? How is Warren Buffett Plan Bequeathing his Estate? Retirement 6 Late-Stage Retirement Catch-Up Tactics The Rich Man’s Roth Which Type of Special Needs Trust Is Best for You? Financial Advisors What does a 'Chief Economist' do? 4 Ways to Attract Tech-Savvy Millennial Investors
8 Ways Advisors Can Be Successful On LinkedIn Markets Equifax Two Top Technology Executives Leave Company 'Effective Immediately' Apple, Alphabet Among 30 Highest-Rated Picks: UBS Pot Stock Winners of the Week Investing 8 Reasons to Sell Your Home with an Agent Reconciliation Gloomy Math Will Weigh On Europe Trading What You Can Learn From the Latest Bitcoin Panic Cybersecurity Stocks in Play After Equifax Hack Is It Too Late to Buy Defense Stocks? ETFs & Mutual Funds Goldman Goes Cheap With New Equal-Weight ETF Durability Seen in Emerging Markets ETF Rally Retail Exposure Problematic for REIT ETFs Dictionary: # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Content Library Articles Terms Videos Tutorials Slideshows FAQs Calculators Chart Advisor Stock Analysis Stock Simulator FXtrader Exam Prep Quizzer Net Worth Calculator Work With Investopedia About Us Advertise With Us Write For Us Contact Us Careers Newsletters © 2017, Investopedia, LLC.Machine Learning: What it is and why it matters | SAS
Edit Profile Log Out Worldwide Sites
Albania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Bosnia & Herz.
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Korea
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Mexico
Middle East
Montenegro
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia / CIS
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States Worldwide Contacts Worldwide Contacts Contact Us Solutions Solutions
Advanced Analytics
Business Intelligence & Analytics
Cloud Analytics
Customer Intelligence
Data Management
Decision Management
Fraud & Security Intelligence
Personal Data Protection
Risk Management
Solutions for Hadoop
Small & Midsize Business
Supply Chain Intelligence Products Products
SAS/STAT
SAS Analytics Pro
SAS Customer Intelligence 360
SAS Data Management
SAS Enterprise Miner
SAS Grid Manager
SAS Visual Analytics
SAS Visual Statistics
Curriculum Pathways
Foundation Tools
Software Trials
View All Products Why SAS Why SAS
Analytics Leadership & Innovation
The SAS Platform
World-Class Services
Analyst Validation
Academic Commitment
Global Humanitarian Impact Get details Get details Cloud-based intelligence analytics that is both powerful and easy to use. Get product details Get product details Industries
Automotive
Banking
Capital Markets
Casinos
Communications
Consumer Goods
Defense & Security
Government
Health Care
Health Insurance
High-Tech Manufacturing
Higher Education
Hotels
Insurance
Life Sciences
Manufacturing
Media
Oil & Gas
P-12 Education
Retail
Small & Midsize Business
Sports
Travel & Transportation
Utilities Get more details Get more details Watch the video Watch the video Support Support Knowledge Base Knowledge Base
Installation Notes
Problem Notes
Usage Notes
Samples
Graphic Samples
DATA Step Samples Support by Product Support by Product
SAS Studio
SAS Enterprise Guide
Base SAS
SAS Visual Analytics
SAS/STAT
SAS Enterprise Miner SAS Services SAS Services Downloads & Hot Fixes Downloads & Hot Fixes SAS Administrators SAS Administrators Manage Your Tracks Manage Your Tracks Product Resources Product Resources
Install Center
Third-Party Software Reference
System Requirements
Security Bulletins
Focus Areas
License Assistance Get help Get help Read documentation Read documentation Learn Learn Training Training
Free Tutorials
Find a Course
Get Started with SAS
Locations
e-Learning
Live Web Classes
SAS Academy for Data Science
SAS Learning Subscription
Ask the Expert Certification Certification
Why Get Certified?
Base Programmer
Advanced Programmer
Data Scientist
Statistical Business Analyst
More Credentials Books Books
Getting Started Books
SAS Certification Books
Shop All Books For Students and Educators For Students and Educators
For Students
For Educators
For Independent Learners
Free Academic Software
Academic Discounts
Free e-Learning Documentation Documentation Focus Areas Focus Areas Resource Center Resource Center Find a Partner Find a Partner Become a Partner Become a Partner Sign in to PartnerNet Sign in to PartnerNet Get training, marketing and membership resources for current partners. Platinum Partners Platinum Partners Connect Connect Blogs (blogs.sas.com) Blogs (blogs.sas.com)
Data for Good posts
Customer Intelligence posts
Internet of Things posts
Machine Learning posts
Programming Tips posts
Advanced Analytics posts
Data Management posts Communities (communities.sas.com) Communities (communities.sas.com)
Administration & Deployment
Data Management
ODS & Base Reporting
SAS Analytics U
SAS Data Mining
SAS Enterprise Guide
SAS Procedures
SAS Visual Analytics Get the recognition you deserve. Read about program Read about program View users groups View users groups About SAS About SAS
Company History
Company Statistics
Corporate Social Responsibility
Leadership
Security Assurance
Careers Careers
Job Openings
Life at SAS
Students & Graduates News Room News Room
Press Releases
Media Coverage
Newsletters
Awards
Analyst Viewpoints Customer Stories Customer Stories
Banking Stories
Government Stories
Health Care Stories
Retail Stories
All Customer Stories Office Information Office Information
Office Listings
Map of World Headquarters
Contact Us Events Events
Analytics Experience
SAS Global Forum
Webinars View Now View Now Download now Download now Machine Learning What it is and why it matters Machine learning is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building. It is a branch of artificial intelligence based on the idea that machines should be able to learn and adapt through experience. Machine learning is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building. It is a branch of artificial intelligence based on the idea that machines should be able to learn and adapt through experience. Importance Importance                         Who Uses It Who Uses It             Evolution of machine learning While many machine learning algorithms have been around for a long time, the ability to automatically apply complex mathematical calculations to big data – over and over, faster and faster – is a recent development. Here are a few widely publicized examples of machine learning applications you may be familiar with: The heavily hyped, self-driving Google car? The essence of machine learning. Online recommendation offers such as those from Amazon and Netflix? Machine learning applications for everyday life. Knowing what customers are saying about you on Twitter? Machine learning combined with linguistic rule creation.   Why is machine learning important? What's required to create good machine learning systems? Data preparation capabilities. Algorithms – basic and advanced. Automation and iterative processes. Scalability. Ensemble modeling. Did you know? In machine learning, a target is called a label. In statistics, a target is called a dependent variable. A variable in statistics is called a feature in machine learning. A transformation in statistics is called feature creation in machine learning. Machine learning in today's world Machine learning in today's world By using algorithms to build models that uncover connections, organizations can make better decisions without human intervention. Learn more about the technologies that are shaping the world we live in.     Read summary Read summary How can machine learning make credit scoring more efficient? Find out credit scoring agencies can use it to evaluate consumer activity to provide better results for creditors.  View article View article Read summary Read summary Who's using it? Who's using it? Learn More About Industries Using This Technology Automotive Banking Capital Markets Casinos Communications Consumer Goods Defense & Security Government Health Care Health Insurance High-Tech Manufacturing Higher Education Hotels Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Media Midsize Business Oil & Gas P-12 Education Retail Analytics Sports Analytics Travel & Transportation Utilities   Using pattern recognition What are some popular machine learning methods? What are the differences between data mining, machine learning and deep learning? Data mining can be considered a superset of many different methods to extract insights from data. It might involve traditional statistical methods and machine learning. Data mining applies methods from many different areas to identify previously unknown patterns from data. This can include statistical algorithms, machine learning, text analytics, time series analysis and other areas of analytics. Data mining also includes the study and practice of data storage and data manipulation.   The main difference with machine learning is that just like statistical models, the goal is to understand the structure of the data – fit theoretical distributions to the data that are well understood. So, with statistical models there is a theory behind the model that is mathematically proven, but this requires that data meets certain strong assumptions too. Machine learning has developed based on the ability to use computers to probe the data for structure, even if we do not have a theory of what that structure looks like. The test for a machine learning model is a validation error on new data, not a theoretical test that proves a null hypothesis. Because machine learning often uses an iterative approach to learn from data, the learning can be easily automated. Passes are run through the data until a robust pattern is found.
Using big data to predict suicide risk among Canadian youth Suicide is the second leading cause of death among youth in Canada. Here's how big data and analytics can be used to help identify at-risk teens.
Supporting indigenous communities with analytics Though indigenous women are a small part of Canada's population, they account for a disproportionately large number of Canada's murder victims. Now, big data and analytics are being used to help improve outcomes.
Machine learning for beginners and beyond Whether you’re an experienced data scientist or a machine learning beginner, you’ll appreciate these 10 tips for getting started with machine learning.
What is omnichannel analytics? Omnichannel analytics used to mean recognizing and marketing to customers across all channels. Now, smart retailers know it can, and must, mean so much more. Getting Started with SAS Getting Started with SAS
Contact Us & General Questions
Pricing, Licensing & Price Requests
Request a Sales Demo
Free Software Trials
Training Resources
Free How-To Tutorials
Student & Educator Resources Customer Support Customer Support
Accessibility
Certification
SAS Notes & Samples
Documentation
SAS Books
Training
User Groups Insights & Trends Insights & Trends
Analytics
Big Data
Business Intelligence
Data Management
Fraud & Security
Marketing
Risk Management Quick Links Quick Links
Blogs
Careers
Customer Stories
Events
Webinars
White Papers
VideosMachine Learning – GPU Accelerated Applications
| NVIDIA
PLATFORMS OTHER LINKS TECHNOLOGIES TESLA Inception AI Startup Program Inception AI Startup Program Machine Learning Machine Learning
Early adopters of GPU
accelerators for machine learning include many of the largest web and social
media companies, along with top tier research institutions in data science and
machine learning. With thousands of computational cores and 10-100x application
throughput compared to CPUs alone, GPUs have become the processor of choice for
processing big data for data scientists. Benchmark for Machine Learning Application "With GPUs, pre-recorded speech or multimedia content can be transcribed much more quickly. Compared to CPU implementation we are able to perform recognition up to 33x faster."
Professor Ian Lane, Carnegie Mellon University
NVIDIA DiGiTS DevBox
Learn how other data scientists are advancing their work in the field of machine learning, and get information about tools, software frameworks, and computing configurations that will help you get started.
Machine
learning tools
Competition winning papers
and benchmarks
Development Workstation
Training Cluster
2x NVIDIA Tesla K40 GPU Accelerator
8x NVIDIA Tesla K40 GPU Accelerator
2x Intel Xeon CPU (8 core or higher)
2x Intel Xeon CPU (8 core or higher)
64 GB System Memory
256 GB System Memory
Configuration Options
SIGN UP FOR NVIDIA NEWS
USA - United StatesMachine Learning | SAP
Search Products Products Industries Industries Support Support Training Training Community Community Developer Developer Partner Partner About About Search Products Search ERP and Digital Core Search Cloud and Data Platforms Search Procurement and Networks Search Analytics Search Customer Engagement and Commerce Search IoT and Digital Supply Chain Search Human Resources (HR) Search Finance Search Spotlights Search Industries Search Energy and Natural Resources Search Financial Services Search Consumer Industries Search Discrete Industries Search Service Industries Search Public Services Search Spotlights Search Support Search SAP Support Plans Search SAP Digital Business Services Search SAP Support Portal Search SAP Help Portal Search Spotlights Search Training Search Free SAP Training Search SAP Learning Hub Online Training and Enablement Search SAP Education and Course Directory Search Certification at SAP Search Spotlights Search Community Search Browse Community Search Blogs Search Questions and Answers Search SAP Community Search Community Support Search My User Profile Search Spotlights Search Developer Search Developer Products Search Developer Topics Search Tutorial Navigator Search Developer Events Search Developer Resources Search Developer Showcases Search Trials / Downloads Search SAP Cloud Platform Blueprints Search Spotlights Search Partner Search Find a Partner Search Become a Partner Search Already a Partner Search Certify My Solution Search Refer Leads to SAP Search About Search Global Company Information Search Investor Relations Search Careers Search News and Press Search Customer Involvement Search Events Search Customer Testimonials Search About SAP North America Search Spotlights Search Log On About SAP SE: English Über SAP SE: Deutsch Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada - English Canada - Français Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Latin America México Panamá Perú Puerto Rico República Dominicana United States Venezuela Albanija Belgique België Bosna i Hercegovina Crna Gora Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Makedonija Nederland Norge Österreich Polska Portugal Romania Schweiz Slovenija Slovensko Srbija Suisse Suomi Sverige Türkiye United Kingdom Česká republika Ελλάδα και Κύπρος Азербайджан Армения Беларусь България Грузия Молдавия Россия СНГ Украина Africa Angola Bahrain Egypt Iraq Jordan Kenya Kuwait Lebanon Libya MENA MENA (‏العربية‎) Morocco Nigeria Oman Pakistan Palestine Qatar Saudi Arabia South Africa United Arab Emirates Yemen ישראל الأردن‎ الامارات العربية المتحدة البحرين الجمهورية اليمنية العـراق الكويت اسلامی جمہوریۂ پاكستان المملكة العربية السعودية عُمان فلسطين‎ قطر لبنان‎ ليبيا مصر Australia Hongkong India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Singapore South East Asia Thailand Việt Nam Казахстан Киргизия Таджикистан Туркменистан Узбекистан 中国 台灣 日本 대한민국 United States Excellent Very Good Good Fair Poor Very easy Easy Neutral Difficult Very difficult Send your Feedback Close Call us at Or see our complete list of
local country numbers
Chat Now
Chat Offline
Get live help and chat with an SAP representative. Contact Us E-mail us with comments, questions or feedback. Home Trends Machine Learning Intro Benefits FAQs Get Started News
Machine Learning
Machine learning and the larger world of artificial intelligence (AI) are no longer the stuff of science fiction. They’re here – and many businesses are already taking advantage. As a new breed of software that is able to learn without being explicitly programmed, machine learning (and deep learning) can access, analyze, and find patterns in Big Data in a way that is beyond human capabilities. And now we’ve made it easier to unlock its potential with embedded machine learning capabilities and services easily accessible through the cloud. Artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning are often used interchangeably, but they’re not the same. In a nutshell, AI is the broader concept of machines that can act intelligently. Machine learning and deep learning are sub-sets of AI based on the idea that given access to large volumes of data, machines can learn for themselves. Read on for more about deep learning vs. machine learning, and other important terms. What is deep learning? Facial recognition software Self-driving cars Smart home automation devices Supervised vs unsupervised learning Supervised learning – in this approach humans label the inputs and outputs and then the model figures out the rules for connecting the two. Unsupervised learning – algorithms are left to discover patterns in the data (which is sometimes clustered) on their own.
Why is machine learning advancing so rapidly?
AI and machine learning in action
Previous
Welcome to the future of business
Becoming an intelligent enterprise
Shoe design goes digital
Thanks to a co-innovation project in Chengdu, China, Aimickey Shoe Company is using SAP machine learning technology to help customers design and virtually “try on” their own shoes – gaining a distinct competitive advantage in the process. Next Benefits of machine learning Previous Machine learning can automate and prioritize routine decision making processes – so you can achieve best outcomes sooner. For example, when coupled with the Internet of Things, it can help you decide what to fix first in your manufacturing plant. Innovation and growth Next Previous With machine-aided business processes and faster overall workflows, you can optimize business operations and your product and service offerings – so you can do and sell more while lowering back-office costs and TCO.
Better outcomes
Next Machine learning use cases Previous
Smart business processes
Digital assistants and bots
Next How do you ensure accurate results? Start with clean data sets and ensure input data is labeled and categorized correctly to minimize false positives Consider potential biases inherent in your data – if it’s garbage in, it’ll be garbage coming out. Ask questions and create processes for evaluating algorithms to avoid this Use the right algorithm training method for your goal (e.g., supervised for predicting the sales price of a home on known variables) Complete thorough machine learning training to boost learning outcomes Can you trust the decisions that machines make? The idea of machines taking over our lives and livelihoods has made for some great movies, but the reality is far less dramatic. That’s not to say that we should put blind faith in outcomes uncovered through the machine learning process. Here’s how you can keep AI on track to produce reliable results:   Conduct a proof of concept so you feel confident in the decisions that are being made Supervise processes and results and make adjustments as needed Adjust confidence levels by applying business rules in algorithms
Include feedback mechanisms in your machine learning training process How can we prepare our data? Access to large data sets and machine learning go hand in hand – so minimizing information silos is a critical first step:   Integrate your enterprise data – from suppliers, partners, customers, and more – to give algorithms open access to all relevant data Engage your Chief Data Officer in the machine learning process Consider using a cloud platform that can process high volumes of data integrated from different data sources
How will machine learning fit into the workplace? Result in higher paid jobs that emphasize creativity, problem solving, and knowledge work Automate boring, repetitive tasks to make jobs more interesting (and fun!) Will I require specialized skills to use machine learning? In the past, you needed specialized talent to put machine learning into action: “Quants” who are educated in the language and methods and “translators” who could bridge the disciplines of data, machine learning, and decision making to reframe complex results into executable insights. What about ROI?
Learn more about SAP Leonardo Previous Extend your reach Our machine learning technology taps the largest data pool in the world – leveraging SAP systems across 25 industries and 12 lines of business. With our market leadership, you can get insights not available anywhere else. Integrate quickly Integrate intelligent solutions into your systems quickly and simply – and accelerate ROI – with “out of the box” machine learning capabilities embedded directly into the SAP Cloud Platform and natively built into all of our software applications. Be first to market with AI-driven product innovations and business models that delight customers and drive revenue. And use technology that self-optimizes and re-learns to continuously improve business outcomes and shrink cost and risk. Next Machine learning applications, platform, and services AI platform: Building your intelligent foundation Create, run, consume, and maintain self-learning apps with ease – no data science skills required. SAP Leonardo Machine Learning Foundation connects developers, partners, and customers to machine learning technology through SAP Cloud Platform.     Get quick access to intelligent automation applications Access versatile horizontal and vertical business services and data Use service APIs, embedded AI, and a global marketplace to quickly build smart apps Develop on an open, scalable platform with an intuitive, modern user experience (UX) Finance: Automating payment matching Improve days of sales outstanding Integrate with SAP S/4HANA to reduce TCO and time to value Fraud detection: Improving the accuracy of alerts Zero in on potential fraud cases and boost the accuracy of your alerts with SAP Business Integrity Screening, software that uses predictive algorithms to analyze your historical data.   Focus on the cases with the highest likelihood of fraud and ROI Integrate with SAP HANA to reduce TCO and time to value Rely on models that update as fraud patterns evolve Use a mix of custom and third-party algorithms optimized for your business Recruiting: Finding the best talent with intelligent job matching Put the days of sifting through thousands of resumes behind you – with our intelligent job matching application. SAP Resume Matching uses machine learning to automate the screening process and zero in on the best candidates or jobs without bias.
Devote more time to corporate brand leadership Marketing: Logo and brand recognition Better evaluate your advertising and sponsorship campaigns with SAP Brand Impact. Using advanced computer vision techniques, the application can automatically recognize logos in images and videos – giving your agency or production company accurate, timely insights into marketing ROI. Leverage fast, near-real time brand analysis through an interactive interface that lets you audit all outputs Rely on accurate analyses scalable to millions of hours of footage Review outcomes second-by-second, compare and filter out brand assets, and view aggregated statistics Combine data with your CRM and ERP software and website stats via a time-annotated impact indicator API Customer service: Gathering, analyzing, and responding to feedback Accelerate customer service in your omni-channel front office. SAP Service Ticket Intelligence lets you efficiently process inbound social media posts, e-mails, and other channel interactions by automatically determining classifications, routing, and responses. Improve service response times with automated processing Integrate with SAP Hybris Service Cloud for faster time to value Process more digital interactions without sacrificing quality Sales & marketing: Loyalty and retention Anticipate customers’ behavior, such as product cancellations or renewals, with instant insights from transactional data and digital interaction points. SAP Customer Retention uses advanced machine learning to mine, predict, and capture leading churn indicators – all automatically. Based on the results and your company priorities, you can define and execute next best actions more efficiently. Spot and classify interaction patterns Detect dissatisfied customers, understand root causes, and act on timely predictions Build customer loyalty with proactive retention strategies Previous Machine learning is ideal for scenarios with complex rules and unknown elements, for making predictions on new rather than historical data, and for automating highly repetitive tasks. In other cases, rules-based programming is fine.
Next News and fresh perspectives on machine learning Previous Next Privacy Terms of Use Legal Disclosure Copyright Trademark Sitemap Newsletter Text View Privacy Terms of Use Legal Disclosure Copyright Trademark Sitemap Newsletter Text ViewMachine Learning with MATLAB - MATLAB & Simulink
Toggle Main Navigation My Account Associate License My Community Profile Contact Us How to Buy My Account Associate License My Community Profile Download a Free Trial of Statistics and Machine Learning Toolbox Machine Learning with MATLAB Build predictive models and discover useful patterns from observed data. Machine Learning with MATLAB Webinar Learn how to get started using machine learning tools to detect patterns and build predictive models from your data sets. Get started with examples for classification, regression, and clustering Build predictive models and discover useful patterns from observed data. Use model refinement and reduction techniques to create an accurate model that best captures the predictive power of your data. Integrate machine learning models into enterprise systems, clusters, and clouds, and target models to real-time embedded hardware.
3:02
3:02
5 Videos
5 Videos
(5 Videos)
Choosing the Best Classification Model and Avoiding Overfitting Explore Products for Machine Learning Statistics and Machine Learning Toolbox™ Neural Network Toolbox™ Computer Vision System Toolbox™ Fuzzy Logic Toolbox™ Classification Build models to classify data into different categories. This can help you more accurately analyze and visualize your data.
34:34
34:34
5:12
5:12
39:18
39:18 Classification Resources Classification Learner App Introductory Classification Examples Classification on MATLAB Answers Regression
3:02
3:02
23:51
23:51
35:14
35:14 Regression Resources Linear Regression Introductory Regression Examples Regression on MATLAB Answers Clustering
41:25
41:25
3:48
3:48 Clustering Resources Introductory Clustering Examples Unsupervised Learning Clustering on MATLAB Answers × Select Your Country You can also select a location from the following list: Americas Europe Asia Pacific See all countries Machine Learning Community Explore and share user-generated examples or toolboxes, and view MATLAB Answers for solutions to your questions. MatConvNet: CNNs for MATLAB Getting Started with Kaggle Data Science Competitions The Netflix Prize and Production Machine Learning Systems: An Insider Look MATLAB Simulink Student Software Hardware Support File Exchange Downloads Trial Software Contact Sales Pricing and Licensing Documentation Tutorials Examples Videos and Webinars Training Installation Help Answers Consulting Application Status License Center Careers Newsroom Social Mission About MathWorks Accelerating the pace of engineering and science MathWorks is the leading developer of mathematical computing software for engineers and scientists. Discover… United States © 1994-2017 The MathWorks, Inc. Join the conversationAmazon Machine Learning - Predictive Analytics with AWS
Click here to return to Amazon Web Services homepage More My Account English
Explore AWS solutions and products Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Português Ρусский 日本語 한국어 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) MY ACCOUNT AWS Management Console Account Settings Billing & Cost Management Security Credentials AWS Personal Health Dashboard Start-ups use AWS for everything their app needs.
Enterprises use AWS to deliver IT innovation globally while reducing costs.
Public Sector organizations use AWS to improve agility while reducing costs. Start developing on Amazon Web Services using one of our pre-built sample apps.
SDKs, IDE Toolkits, Command Line Tools, and Developer Tools for AWS. Tooling and infrastructure resources for DevOps. Build and run applications without thinking about servers
Learn more about the AWS Partner Network and supporting Partner Programs Find qualified APN Partners to help you with your AWS projects
Learn more about top APN Consulting Partners globally Find validated partner solutions that run on or integrate with AWS, by key vertical and solution areas. Download content, access training, and engage with AWS through the partner-only AWS site Power web, social, and mobile apps in the cloud Tooling and infrastructure resources for DevOps Build and run applications without thinking about servers Build secure and scalable online storefronts Highly scalable online advertising and marketing services in the cloud Store and retrieve any data, anywhere, any time Archive your data for long-term retention Recover your systems and data quickly from a disaster Store and process large datasets to solve business problems Run tightly-coupled and IO-intensive workloads to solve complex science, engineering and business problems Quickly build connected devices with backend services
Build and run applications without thinking about servers Customer applications, data analytics, storage, compliance, and security in the cloud. Services and infrastructure for mobile, web, PC, and console games Cross-platform building blocks to help you make games Media storage, archiving, processing, and delivery from the cloud Deliver improved care to patients with reduced time and effort Services and infrastructure to help your company solve complex problems
Access powerful computing tools to run genomics workloads Run business-critical applications in a secure and robust environment Run your Oracle applications on the AWS Cloud Run your SAP workloads and applications on AWS’s scalable infrastructure All of your Microsoft applications in the AWS Cloud Virtual Servers in the Cloud Store and Retrieve Docker Images Run and Manage Docker Containers Launch and Manage Virtual Private Servers Isolated Cloud Resources Run Batch Jobs at Any Scale Run and Manage Web Apps Run Code without Thinking about Servers Scalable Storage in the Cloud EC2 Block Storage Volumes Fully Managed File System for EC2 Low-cost Archive Storage in the Cloud Hybrid Storage Integration Petabyte-scale Data Transport Petabyte-scale Data Transport with On-board Compute Exabyte-scale Data Transport High Performance Managed Relational Database Managed Relational Database Service for MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQL Server, and MariaDB Managed NoSQL Database Fully Managed, In-memory Cache for DynamoDB In-memory Caching Service Fast, Simple, Cost-Effective Data Warehousing Migrate Databases with Minimal Downtime Track Migrations from a Single Place Discover on-premises applications to streamline migration Migrate Databases with Minimal Downtime Convert Database Schema and Migrate Warehouses Migrate On-premises servers to AWS Petabyte-scale Data Transport Petabyte-scale Data Transport with On-board Compute Exabyte-scale Data Transport Isolated Cloud Resources
Global Content Delivery Network Scalable Domain Name System (DNS) Dedicated Network Connection to AWS
Develop and Deploy AWS Applications Store Code in Private Git Repositories Build and Test Code Automate Code Deployments Release Software using Continuous Delivery Analyze and Debug Your Applications Unified Tool to Manage AWS Services Tools and SDKs for AWS Analyze Your AWS Cost and Usage Set Custom Cost and Usage Budgets Dive Deeper into Your Reserved Instances (RIs) Access Comprehensive Cost and Usage Information Monitor Resources and Applications Configure and Manage EC2 Instances and On-premises Servers Create and Manage Resources with Templates Track User Activity and API Usage Track Resource Inventory and Changes Automate Operations with Chef Create and Use Standardized Products Optimize Performance and Security Personalized view of AWS service health Unified Tool to Manage AWS Services Web-based User Interface Infrastructure Operations Management for AWS Manage User Access and Encryption Keys Create Flexible Cloud-Native Directories Analyze Application Security Discover, Classify, and Protect Your Data Provision, Manage, and Deploy SSL/TLS Certificates Hardware-based Key Storage for Regulatory Compliance Host and Manage Active Directory Managed Creation and Control of Encryption Keys Policy-based management for multiple AWS accounts DDoS Protection Filter Malicious Web Traffic Build Voice and Text Chatbots Turn Text into Lifelike Speech Search and Analyze Images Machine Learning for Developers Scalable, Open-source Deep Learning Framework A Common Deep Learning Framework Deep Learning on Amazon EC2 Query Data in S3 using SQL Hosted Hadoop Framework
Managed Search Service Run and Scale Elasticsearch Clusters Work with Real-time Streaming Data Fast, Simple, Cost-effective Data Warehousing Fast Business Analytics Service Orchestration Service for Periodic, Data-Driven Workflows
Prepare and Load Data Build, Test, and Monitor Mobile Apps Build, Deploy, and Manage APIs
User Identity and App Data Synchronization Push Notifications for Mobile Apps Test Android, iOS, and Web Apps on Real Devices in the AWS Cloud Build High Quality Mobile Apps Quickly and Easily Build, Test, and Monitor Mobile Apps Build, Deploy, and Manage APIs User Identity and App Data Synchronization Push Notifications for Mobile Apps Test Android, iOS, and Web Apps on Real Devices in the AWS Cloud Build High Quality Mobile Apps Quickly and Easily
Coordinate Distributed Applications Build, Publish and Manage APIs
Easy-to-use Scalable Media Transcoding Managed Message Queues Pub/Sub, Mobile Push and SMS
Push Notifications for Mobile Apps Email Sending and Receiving Secure Enterprise Document Storage and Sharing
Secure Email and Calendaring Frustration-free meetings, video calls, and chat
Virtual Desktops in the Cloud
Stream desktop applications securely to a browser Connect Devices to the Cloud Local Compute, Messaging, and Sync for Devices Cloud Programmable Dash Button Cloud-based contact center service Amazon GameLift: Simple, fast, cost-effective dedicated game server hosting. A Free Cross-Platform 3D Game Engine, with Full Source, Integrated with AWS and Twitch Find calculators and other tools to help you lower costs with the AWS Cloud.
Learn about AWS Cloud security and how to build secure applications.
Learn about the compliance programs on the AWS Cloud and establishing controls Learn how to build scalable and reliable applications in the AWS Cloud.
Get answers to frequently asked technical support questions. Get clear guidance from AWS architects and engineers on common user questions.
Amazon EC2 Amazon EC2 Container Registry Amazon EC2 Container Service Amazon Lightsail Amazon VPC AWS Batch AWS Elastic Beanstalk AWS Lambda Auto Scaling Elastic Load Balancing Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) Amazon Elastic Block Storage (EBS) Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) Amazon Glacier AWS Storage Gateway AWS Snowball AWS Snowball Edge AWS Snowmobile Amazon Aurora Amazon RDS Amazon DynamoDB Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) Amazon ElastiCache Amazon Redshift AWS Database Migration Service AWS Migration Hub AWS Application Discovery Service AWS Database Migration Service AWS Schema Conversion Tool AWS Server Migration Service AWS Snowball AWS Snowball Edge AWS Snowmobile Amazon VPC Amazon CloudFront Amazon Route 53 AWS Direct Connect Elastic Load Balancing AWS CodeStar AWS CodeCommit AWS CodeBuild AWS CodeDeploy AWS CodePipeline AWS X-Ray AWS Tools & SDKs Amazon CloudWatch Amazon EC2 Systems Manager AWS CloudFormation AWS CloudTrail AWS Config AWS OpsWorks AWS Service Catalog AWS Trusted Advisor AWS Personal Health Dashboard AWS Command Line Interface AWS Management Console AWS Managed Services Amazon Lex Amazon Polly Amazon Rekognition Amazon Machine Learning Apache MXNet on AWS TensorFlow on AWS AWS Deep Learning AMIs Amazon Athena Amazon EMR Amazon CloudSearch Amazon Elasticsearch Service Amazon Kinesis Amazon Redshift Amazon QuickSight AWS Data Pipeline AWS Glue AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) Amazon Cloud Directory Amazon Inspector Amazon Macie AWS Certificate Manager AWS CloudHSM AWS Directory Service AWS Key Management Service AWS Organizations AWS Shield AWS WAF AWS Artifact AWS Mobile Hub Amazon API Gateway Amazon Cognito Amazon Pinpoint AWS Device Farm AWS Mobile SDK AWS Cost Explorer AWS Budgets Reserved Instance Reporting AWS Cost and Usage Report AWS Step Functions Amazon API Gateway Amazon Elastic Transcoder Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) Amazon Pinpoint Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) Amazon Chime Amazon WorkDocs Amazon WorkMail Amazon WorkSpaces Amazon AppStream 2.0 AWS Marketplace AWS IoT Platform AWS Greengrass AWS IoT Button Amazon Connect Amazon GameLift Amazon Lumberyard Click here to return to Amazon Web Services homepage Products & Services Related Links Get Started with AWS for Free Amazon Machine Learning is a service that makes it easy for developers of all skill levels to use machine learning technology. Amazon Machine Learning provides visualization tools and wizards that guide you through the process of creating machine learning (ML) models without having to learn complex ML algorithms and technology. Once your models are ready, Amazon Machine Learning makes it easy to obtain predictions for your application using simple APIs, without having to implement custom prediction generation code, or manage any infrastructure. Amazon Machine Learning is based on the same proven, highly scalable, ML technology used for years by Amazon’s internal data scientist community. The service uses powerful algorithms to create ML models by finding patterns in your existing data. Then, Amazon Machine Learning uses these models to process new data and generate predictions for your application. Amazon Machine Learning is highly scalable and can generate billions of predictions daily, and serve those predictions in real-time and at high throughput. With Amazon Machine Learning, there is no upfront hardware or software investment, and you pay as you go, so you can start small and scale as your application grows. Introducing Amazon Machine Learning Readmission Prediction Through Patient Risk Stratification Using Amazon Machine Learning Building a Binary Classification Model with Amazon Machine Learning and Amazon Redshift.
Chat with experts and learn about AWS AI by registering for the upcoming tech talk: Sep 06 Apache MXNet Version 0.11 Now Supports Apple Core ML and Keras
Apr 18 Deep Learning AMI for Ubuntu v1.3_Apr2017 now Supports Caffe2 Mar 17 Deep Learning AMI release v1.2 for Ubuntu and Updated AWS CloudFormation Template Now Available
Mar 08 Deep Learning AMI release v2.0 now Available for Amazon Linux
Feb 10 Ubuntu version of AWS Deep Learning AMI Now Available
Amazon Machine Learning partners help customers build Amazon Machine Learning-powered smarter systems. Amazon ML is a service that makes it easy for developers of all skill levels to use machine learning technology.  47Lining is an AWS Advanced Consulting Partner with Big Data Competency designation. 47Lining develops big data solutions and delivers big data managed services built from underlying AWS big data building blocks like Amazon Redshift, Kinesis, S3, DynamoDB, Machine Learning and Elastic MapReduce. 47Lining helps customers build, operate and manage breathtaking “Data Machines” for their data-driven businesses.
Amazon Machine Learning is a managed service that provides end-to-end model creation, deployment, and monitoring. Once your model is ready, you can quickly and reliably generate predictions for your applications, eliminating the time and investment needed to build, scale, and maintain machine learning infrastructure. Amazon Machine Learning prediction APIs can be used to generate billions of predictions for your applications. You can request predictions for large numbers of data records all at once using the batch prediction API, or use the real-time API to obtain predictions for individual data records, and use them within interactive web, mobile, or desktop applications.
With Amazon Machine Learning there is no setup cost and you pay as you go, so you can start small and scale as your application grows.
Amazon Machine Learning is based on the same proven, highly scalable, ML technology used by Amazon to perform critical functions like supply chain management, fraudulent transaction identification, and catalog organization. Amazon Machine Learning makes it easy to build predictive models that help identify potentially fraudulent retail transactions, or detect fraudulent or inappropriate item reviews.
Amazon Machine Learning can help you deliver targeted marketing campaigns. For example, Amazon Machine Learning could use prior customer activity to choose the most relevant email campaigns for target customers.
Amazon Machine Learning can help you process unstructured text and take actions based on content. For instance, Amazon Machine Learning could be used to build applications that classify product reviews as positive, negative, or neutral.
Amazon Machine Learning can help you find customers who are at high risk of attrition, enabling you to proactively engage them with promotions or customer service outreach.
Amazon Machine Learning can process free-form feedback from your customers, including email messages, comments or phone conversation transcripts, and recommend actions that can best address their concerns. For example, you can use Amazon Machine Learning to analyze social media traffic to discover customers who have a product support issue, and connect them with the right customer care specialists. What is Cloud Computing? What is Caching? What is NoSQL? What is DevOps? Products & Services Customer Success Economics Center Architecture Center Security Center What's New Whitepapers AWS Blog Events Sustainable Energy Press Releases AWS in the News Analyst Reports Legal Websites & Website Hosting Business Applications Backup & Recovery Disaster Recovery Data Archive DevOps Serverless Computing Big Data High Performance Computing Mobile Services Digital Marketing Game Development Digital Media Government & Education Health Financial Services Windows on AWS Developers Java on AWS JavaScript on AWS Mobile on AWS PHP on AWS Python on AWS Ruby on AWS Windows & .NET on AWS SDKs & Tools AWS Marketplace User Groups Support Plans Service Health Dashboard Discussion Forums FAQs Documentation Articles & Tutorials Test Drives AWS Business Builder Management Console Billing & Cost Management Subscribe to Updates Personal Information Payment Method AWS Identity & Access Management Security Credentials Request Service Limit Increases Contact Us Amazon Web Services is Hiring. Amazon Web Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer. An amazon.com company Language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Português Ρусский 日本語 한국어 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) Site Terms | PrivacyMachine Learning | Coursera
Toggle navigation Navigation open Navigation closed Browse Search For Enterprise Log In Sign Up Machine Learning Enroll Machine Learning Enroll Starts Sep 18 Machine Learning Machine Learning Stanford University    Stanford University    Language ,
How To Pass Pass all graded assignments to complete the course. User Ratings See what learners said Syllabus 5 videos ,
9 readings Welcome to Machine Learning! Machine Learning Honor Code Welcome What is Machine Learning? What is Machine Learning? How to Use Discussion Forums Supervised Learning Supervised Learning Unsupervised Learning Unsupervised Learning Who are Mentors? Get to Know Your Classmates Frequently Asked Questions Lecture Slides Introduction 7 videos ,
8 readings Model Representation Model Representation Cost Function Cost Function Cost Function - Intuition I Cost Function - Intuition I Cost Function - Intuition II Cost Function - Intuition II Gradient Descent Gradient Descent Gradient Descent Intuition Gradient Descent Intuition Gradient Descent For Linear Regression Gradient Descent For Linear Regression Lecture Slides Linear Regression with One Variable 6 videos ,
7 readings ,
1 practice quiz Matrices and Vectors Matrices and Vectors Addition and Scalar Multiplication Addition and Scalar Multiplication Matrix Vector Multiplication Matrix Vector Multiplication Matrix Matrix Multiplication Matrix Matrix Multiplication Matrix Multiplication Properties Matrix Multiplication Properties Inverse and Transpose Inverse and Transpose Lecture Slides Linear Algebra 8 videos ,
16 readings Setting Up Your Programming Assignment Environment Installing MATLAB Installing Octave on Windows Installing Octave on Mac OS X (10.10 Yosemite and 10.9 Mavericks and Later) Installing Octave on Mac OS X (10.8 Mountain Lion and Earlier) Installing Octave on GNU/Linux More Octave/MATLAB resources Multiple Features Multiple Features Gradient Descent for Multiple Variables Gradient Descent For Multiple Variables Gradient Descent in Practice I - Feature Scaling Gradient Descent in Practice I - Feature Scaling Gradient Descent in Practice II - Learning Rate Gradient Descent in Practice II - Learning Rate Features and Polynomial Regression Features and Polynomial Regression Normal Equation Normal Equation Normal Equation Noninvertibility Normal Equation Noninvertibility Working on and Submitting Programming Assignments Programming tips from Mentors Lecture Slides Linear Regression with Multiple Variables 6 videos ,
1 reading Basic Operations Moving Data Around Computing on Data Plotting Data Control Statements: for, while, if statement Vectorization Lecture Slides Linear Regression Octave/Matlab Tutorial 7 videos ,
8 readings Classification Classification Hypothesis Representation Hypothesis Representation Decision Boundary Decision Boundary Cost Function Cost Function Simplified Cost Function and Gradient Descent Simplified Cost Function and Gradient Descent Advanced Optimization Advanced Optimization Multiclass Classification: One-vs-all Multiclass Classification: One-vs-all Lecture Slides Logistic Regression 4 videos ,
5 readings The Problem of Overfitting The Problem of Overfitting Cost Function Cost Function Regularized Linear Regression Regularized Linear Regression Regularized Logistic Regression Regularized Logistic Regression Lecture Slides Logistic Regression Regularization 7 videos ,
6 readings Non-linear Hypotheses Neurons and the Brain Model Representation I Model Representation I Model Representation II Model Representation II Examples and Intuitions I Examples and Intuitions I Examples and Intuitions II Examples and Intuitions II Multiclass Classification Multiclass Classification Lecture Slides Multi-class Classification and Neural Networks Neural Networks: Representation 8 videos ,
8 readings Cost Function Cost Function Backpropagation Algorithm Backpropagation Algorithm Backpropagation Intuition Backpropagation Intuition Implementation Note: Unrolling Parameters Implementation Note: Unrolling Parameters Gradient Checking Gradient Checking Random Initialization Random Initialization Putting It Together Putting It Together Autonomous Driving Lecture Slides Neural Network Learning Neural Networks: Learning 7 videos ,
7 readings Deciding What to Try Next Evaluating a Hypothesis Evaluating a Hypothesis Model Selection and Train/Validation/Test Sets Model Selection and Train/Validation/Test Sets Diagnosing Bias vs. Variance Diagnosing Bias vs. Variance Regularization and Bias/Variance Regularization and Bias/Variance Learning Curves Learning Curves Deciding What to Do Next Revisited Deciding What to do Next Revisited Lecture Slides Regularized Linear Regression and Bias/Variance Advice for Applying Machine Learning 5 videos ,
3 readings Prioritizing What to Work On Prioritizing What to Work On Error Analysis Error Analysis Error Metrics for Skewed Classes Trading Off Precision and Recall Data For Machine Learning Lecture Slides Machine Learning System Design 6 videos ,
1 reading Optimization Objective Large Margin Intuition Mathematics Behind Large Margin Classification Kernels I Kernels II Using An SVM Lecture Slides Support Vector Machines Support Vector Machines 5 videos ,
1 reading Unsupervised Learning: Introduction K-Means Algorithm Optimization Objective Random Initialization Choosing the Number of Clusters Lecture Slides Unsupervised Learning 7 videos ,
1 reading Motivation I: Data Compression Motivation II: Visualization Principal Component Analysis Problem Formulation Principal Component Analysis Algorithm Reconstruction from Compressed Representation Choosing the Number of Principal Components Advice for Applying PCA Lecture Slides K-Means Clustering and PCA Principal Component Analysis 8 videos ,
1 reading Problem Motivation Gaussian Distribution Algorithm Developing and Evaluating an Anomaly Detection System Anomaly Detection vs. Supervised Learning Choosing What Features to Use Multivariate Gaussian Distribution Anomaly Detection using the Multivariate Gaussian Distribution Lecture Slides Anomaly Detection 6 videos ,
1 reading Problem Formulation Content Based Recommendations Collaborative Filtering Collaborative Filtering Algorithm Vectorization: Low Rank Matrix Factorization Implementational Detail: Mean Normalization Lecture Slides Anomaly Detection and Recommender Systems Recommender Systems 6 videos ,
1 reading Learning With Large Datasets Stochastic Gradient Descent Mini-Batch Gradient Descent Stochastic Gradient Descent Convergence Online Learning Map Reduce and Data Parallelism Lecture Slides Large Scale Machine Learning 5 videos ,
1 reading Problem Description and Pipeline Sliding Windows Getting Lots of Data and Artificial Data Ceiling Analysis: What Part of the Pipeline to Work on Next Lecture Slides Summary and Thank You Application: Photo OCR Enroll FAQs When will I have access to the lectures and assignments? What if I need additional time to complete the course? What is the refund policy? Is financial aid available? How It Works Coursework Each course is like an interactive textbook, featuring pre-recorded videos, quizzes and projects. Help from Your Peers Connect with thousands of other learners and debate ideas, discuss course material,
and get help mastering concepts. Certificates Earn official recognition for your work, and share your success with friends,
colleagues, and employers. Creators Ratings and Reviews 48,502 RS If you want to learn machine learning, this is the course to take. Andrew Ng explains the concepts of machine learning in a very easy to understand way, and the assignments provide a lot of hands on training that helps to reinforce who you just learned. 孙 老师课程讲得非常好 HF This was my first introduction to Machine Learning, a topic I previously thought of as impossibly complicated. This course has been incredibly insightful (and as concise as possible). The organisation and pace of the course made it easy to follow (and you can simply pause whenever needed). The programming coursework had most of the "padding code" already provided, letting the student focus on the machine learning core of the assignment. I managed to do the course by allocating a bit of time after work and during the weekends and I highly recommend it! I am now looking forward to starting the new "Deep Learning" course.
PR Great Course, really detailed, well prepared and with all the math background you need to tackle ML problems. I really appreciated the effort to set up a correct logical approach to problems, their evaluation and performance analysis. Great also the commercial approach, to put you in the right direction for real business applications.
12,555 Enroll Share You May Also Like University of Washington 1 course 1 course University of Washington View course View course University of Washington 1 course 1 course University of Washington View course View course deeplearning.ai 1 course 1 course deeplearning.ai View course View course University of Washington 1 course 1 course University of Washington View course View course deeplearning.ai 1 course 1 course deeplearning.ai View course View course Coursera Coursera Coursera provides universal access to the world’s best education, partnering with top universities and organizations to offer courses online. © 2017 Coursera Inc. All rights reserved. Coursera About Leadership Careers Catalog Certificates Degrees For Business For Government Community Partners Mentors Translators Developers Beta Testers Connect Blog Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Tech Blog More Terms Privacy Help Accessibility Press Contact Directory AffiliatesWhat is machine learning? - Definition from WhatIs.com
WhatIs.com Browse Definitions: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Login Register Techtarget Network File Extensions Writing For Business RSS WhatIs .com Browse Definitions
Programming
AppDev
Agile, Scrum, XP
Apple
DevOps
Internet applications
Java
Linux
Microsoft
Open source
Operating systems
Software applications
Software development
Web services, SOA
AppDev
Agile, Scrum, XP
Apple
DevOps
Internet applications
Java
Linux
Microsoft
Open source
Operating systems
Programming
Software applications
Software development
Web services, SOA
Business software
Amazon Cloud Services
Google - Android
Microsoft - Windows
Open Source
Oracle
Salesforce
SAP
VMware
Computer Science
Computing fundamentals
Electronics
Fast references
IT standards and organizations
Learning guides
Mathematics
Microprocessors
Nanotechnology
Podcasts
Protocols
Quizzes
Robotics
Video Production
Consumer Tech
Desktop PCs
Internet acronyms and lingo
Internet technologies
Multimedia and graphics
Peripherals
Personal computing
Printers
Wireless and mobile
Data Center
Cloud computing
Converged infrastructure
Data center management
Disaster recovery
Hardware
IT Operations
Storage hardware
Virtualization
IT Management
ERP
Business software
Compliance
CRM
Government IT
Healthcare IT
HR management
IT procurement
Network administration
Project management
Security management
SEO
Software management
Storage management
Networking
Circuit switched services equipment and providers
Data transmission
Email and messaging
High-speed networks
Internet of Things
LANs
Network hardware
Network software
Networking and communications
Routing and switching
Smart grid
Telecom
VoIP
Wireless LANs
Wireless technologies
Security
Application security
Authentication
Malware
Network security
Security threats and countermeasures
Spyware
Storage and Data Mgmt
Backup and recovery
Business intelligence - business analytics
Content management
Customer data management
Data and data management
Data deduplication
Database
NAS
Solid state storage
SAN
AppDev
Business software
Computer Science
Consumer Tech
Data Center
IT Management
Networking
Security
Storage and Data Mgmt Quick Study Resources Buyer's Guides Cheat Sheets Learning Guides Quizzes Technology-specific sites Follow: Home Topics AppDev Programming machine learning
Definition machine learning
Share this item with your network: Apple Push Notification service (APNs) is a cloud service that allows approved third-party apps installed on Apple devices to send push notifications from a remote server to users over a secure connection. Apple Push Notification service (APNs) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) content marketing natural language processing (NLP) Bayesian statistics insider threat air gapping (air gap attack) ransomware on-demand computing digital economy key performance indicators (KPIs) enterprise content management (ECM) internet meme application containerization (app containerization) backfire effect statistical noise platform cooperative weaponized information cognitive hacking cognitive security Download this free guide Download: An enterprise guide to big data in cloud computing Download the PDF version of this essential guide "An enterprise guide to big data in cloud computing" You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. The processes involved in machine learning are similar to that of   and  .          A physician-programmer experiments with AI and machine learning in the ER Machine learning applications: Mitigating the risks Machine learning algorithms set to transform industries Machine learning tools pose educational challenges for users Machine-Learning Maestro Michael Jordan on the Delusions of Big Data and Other Huge Engineering Efforts 2 No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. AnonymousUser
- 23 Oct 2016 9:22 PM iamrizwan
- 24 Jun 2017 3:56 PM -ADS BY GOOGLE File Extensions and File Formats A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Powered by: resources Search Compliance pure risk (absolute risk) Pure risk, also called absolute risk, is a category of threat that is beyond human control and has only one possible outcome if ... risk assessment Risk assessment is the identification of hazards that could negatively impact an organization's ability to conduct business. audit program (audit plan) An audit program, also called an audit plan, is an action plan that documents what procedures an auditor will follow to validate ... Search Security insider threat Insider threat is a generic term for a threat to an organization's security or data that comes from within. ransomware Ransomware is a subset of malware in which the data on a victim's computer is locked, typically by encryption, and payment is ... hacker A hacker is an individual who uses computer, networking or other skills to overcome a technical problem. Search Health IT PACS (picture archiving and communication system) PACS, or picture archiving and communication system, is a medical imaging technology used for storing, retrieving, presenting and... MACRA (Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015) MACRA (Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015) is U.S. healthcare legislation that provides a new framework for ... Allscripts Allscripts is a vendor of electronic health record systems for physician practices, hospitals and healthcare systems. Search Disaster Recovery business continuity and disaster recovery (BCDR) Business continuity and disaster recovery (BCDR) are closely related practices that describe an organization's preparation for ... business continuity plan (BCP) A business continuity plan (BCP) is a document that consists of the critical information an organization needs to continue ... call tree A call tree -- sometimes referred to as a phone tree -- is a telecommunications chain for notifying specific individuals of an ... Search Storage DIMM (dual in-line memory module) A DIMM (dual in-line memory module) is the standard memory card used in servers and PCs. nearline storage Nearline storage is the on-site storage of data on removable media. application-aware storage Application-aware storage is a storage system with built-in intelligence about relevant applications and their utilization ... Search Solid State Storage 3D XPoint 3D XPoint is memory storage technology jointly developed by Intel and Micron Technology Inc. RRAM or ReRAM (resistive RAM) RRAM or ReRAM (resistive random access memory) is a form of nonvolatile storage that operates by changing the resistance of a ... JEDEC JEDEC is a global industry group that develops open standards for microelectronics. Search Cloud Storage Google Cloud Storage Google Cloud Storage is an enterprise public cloud storage platform that can house large unstructured data sets. RESTful API A RESTful application program interface breaks down a transaction to create a series of small modules, each of which addresses an... cloud storage infrastructure Cloud storage infrastructure is the hardware and software framework that supports the computing requirements of a private or ... Browse by Topic Browse Resources File Extensions About Us Contact Us Overview Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Events Media Kit Corporate Site Reprints Site Map ArchiveMachine Learning | Microsoft Azure
1-800-867-1389 Questions about Azure? Contact our sales team. United States 1-800-867-1389 United States: 1-800-867-1389 My Account Portal What is Azure Learn the basics about Microsoft's cloud platform Cloud you can trust Learn about our compliance certifications, security, privacy, and transparency Customer stories People are doing amazing things with Azure, hear their stories Azure vs. AWS Which public cloud is right for you? Azure data services Easily build apps for any scenario using a comprehensive and integrated data portfolio Get started Learn how to get started quickly with Azure $200 Solutions Compute Virtual Machines Provision Windows and Linux virtual machines in seconds Virtual Machine Scale Sets Manage and scale up to thousands of Linux and Windows virtual machines App Service Quickly create powerful cloud apps for web and mobile Functions Process events with serverless code Batch Cloud-scale job scheduling and compute management Service Fabric Develop microservices and orchestrate containers on Windows or Linux Cloud Services Create highly-available, infinitely-scalable cloud applications and APIs Get credits that enable: 4 Windows or Linux Virtual Machines 24 x 7 for a month And much more... Networking Virtual Network Provision private networks, optionally connect to on-premises datacenters Load Balancer Deliver high availability and network performance to your applications Application Gateway Build scalable and highly-available web front ends in Azure VPN Gateway Establish secure, cross-premises connectivity Azure DNS Host your DNS domain in Azure Content Delivery Network Ensure secure, reliable content delivery with broad global reach Traffic Manager Route incoming traffic for high performance and availability ExpressRoute Dedicated private network fiber connections to Azure Network Watcher Network performance monitoring and diagnostics solution Connect Virtual Machines with Virtual Network for free. Storage Storage Durable, highly-available, and massively-scalable cloud storage Blob storage REST-based object storage for unstructured data Queue Storage Effectively scale apps according to traffic File Storage File shares that use the standard SMB 3.0 protocol Disk Storage Persistent, secured disk options supporting virtual machines Data Lake Store Hyperscale repository for big data analytics workloads StorSimple Lower costs with an enterprise hybrid cloud storage solution Backup Simple and reliable server backup to the cloud Site Recovery Orchestrate protection and recovery of private clouds Get credits that enable: 8 standard SQL Databases Hadoop instance for a week And much more... Web + Mobile App Service Quickly create powerful cloud apps for web and mobile Web Apps Quickly create and deploy mission critical Web apps at scale Web App for Containers Easily deploy and run containerized web apps that scale with your business Mobile Apps Build and host the backend for any mobile app API Apps Easily build and consume Cloud APIs Logic Apps Automate the access and use of data across clouds without writing code Content Delivery Network Ensure secure, reliable content delivery with broad global reach Media Services Encode, store, and stream video and audio at scale Azure Search Fully-managed search-as-a-service Get credits that enable: Deploy 20 websites over 10M mobile API calls And much more... Containers Container Service Scale and orchestrate containers using Kubernetes, DC/OS or Docker Swarm Container Instances Easily run containers with a single command Container Registry Store and manage container images across all types of Azure deployments Service Fabric Develop microservices and orchestrate containers on Windows or Linux Web App for Containers Easily deploy and run containerized web apps that scale with your business Batch Cloud-scale job scheduling and compute management Develop and manage container applications faster using familiar, integrated tools. Databases SQL Database Managed relational SQL Database as a service Azure Database for MySQL Managed MySQL database service for app developers Azure Database for PostgreSQL Managed PostgreSQL database service for app developers SQL Data Warehouse Elastic data warehouse as a service with enterprise-class features SQL Server Stretch Database Dynamically stretch on-premises SQL Server databases to Azure Azure Cosmos DB Globally distributed, multi-model database for any scale Table Storage NoSQL key-value store using semi-structured datasets Redis Cache Power applications with high-throughput, low-latency data access Data Factory Orchestrate and manage data transformation and movement Easily build apps for any scenario using a comprehensive and integrated data portfolio. Data + Analytics HDInsight Provision cloud Hadoop, Spark, R Server, HBase, and Storm clusters Machine Learning Easily build, deploy, and manage predictive analytics solutions Stream Analytics Real-time data stream processing from millions of IoT devices Azure Bot Service Intelligent, serverless bot service that scales on demand Data Lake Analytics Distributed analytics service that makes big data easy Data Lake Store Hyperscale repository for big data analytics workloads Data Catalog Get more value from your enterprise data assets Azure Analysis Services Enterprise grade analytics engine as a service Easily build apps for any scenario using a comprehensive and integrated data portfolio. AI + Cognitive Services Computer Vision API Distill actionable information from images Face API Detect, identify, analyze, organize, and tag faces in photos Bing Web Search API Get enhanced search details from billions of web documents Custom Speech Service Overcome speech recognition barriers like speaking style, background noise, and vocabulary Custom Vision Service Easily customize your own state-of-the-art computer vision models for your unique use case Video Indexer Unlock video insights Language Understanding Intelligent Service Teach your apps to understand commands from your users Bing Custom Search An easy-to-use, ad-free, commercial-grade search tool that lets you deliver the results you want Use Cognitive Services to build apps with powerful algorithms using just a few lines of code. Internet of Things IoT Hub Connect, monitor, and control billions of IoT assets IoT Edge Extend intelligence from the cloud to edge devices Event Hubs Receive telemetry from millions of devices Stream Analytics Real-time data stream processing from millions of IoT devices Machine Learning Easily build, deploy, and manage predictive analytics solutions Notification Hubs Send push notifications to any platform from any back end Time Series Insights Instantly explore and analyze time-series data Event Grid Get reliable event delivery at massive scale Azure IoT Suite Capture and analyze untapped data to improve business results Enterprise Integration Logic Apps Automate the access and use of data across clouds without writing code Service Bus Connect across private and public cloud environments API Management Publish APIs to developers, partners, and employees securely and at scale StorSimple Lower costs with an enterprise hybrid cloud storage solution SQL Server Stretch Database Dynamically stretch on-premises SQL Server databases to Azure Data Catalog Get more value from your enterprise data assets Data Factory Orchestrate and manage data transformation and movement Event Grid Get reliable event delivery at massive scale Get credits that enable: Send 200 million messages And much more... Security + Identity Security Center Prevent, detect, and respond to threats with increased visibility Azure Active Directory for developers Scalable, cross-platform authentication for your apps and websites Key Vault Safeguard and maintain control of keys and other secrets Azure Active Directory Synchronize on-premises directories and enable single sign-on Azure Active Directory B2C Consumer identity and access management in the cloud Azure Active Directory Domain Services Join Azure virtual machines to a domain without domain controllers Multi-Factor Authentication Add security for your data and apps without adding hassles for users Get credits that enable: Store 500,000 objects in Active Directory Multi-factor auth with 100 users And much more... Developer Tools Visual Studio Team Services Services for teams to share code, track work, and ship software Azure DevTest Labs Quickly create environments using reusable templates and artifacts Application Insights Detect, triage, and diagnose issues in your web apps and services API Management Publish APIs to developers, partners, and employees securely and at scale HockeyApp Deploy mobile apps, collect feedback and crash reports, and monitor usage Developer Tools and SDKs Build, deploy, diagnose, and manage multi-platform, scalable apps and services Xamarin Create cloud-powered mobile apps faster Storage Explorer View and interact with Azure Storage resources Each free account includes: Five free users Unlimited private code repos And more! Monitoring + Management Microsoft Azure portal Build, manage, and monitor all Azure products in a single, unified console Azure Resource Manager Simplify how you manage your app resources Application Insights Detect, triage, and diagnose issues in your web apps and services Log Analytics Collect, search, and visualize machine data from on-premises and cloud Automation Simplify cloud management with process automation Backup Simple and reliable server backup to the cloud Site Recovery Orchestrate protection and recovery of private clouds Scheduler Run your jobs on simple or complex recurring schedules Operations Management Suite Manage and protect your cloud and on-premises infrastructure Documentation Pricing Training Marketplace Find a partner Get up and running in the cloud with help from an experienced partner Become a partner Build more success with the industry's most extensive partner network Azure for SaaS companies Grow your SaaS business with Azure by reaching 100 million active users $200 Blog Resources Support Overview Azure Support Find the support options you need Compare Support Plans Explore and purchase technical support Support Community Ask questions, get answers from Microsoft and community experts Knowledge Center Get answers to common support questions $200 Trust Center Legal $200 Azure Status Dashboard Machine Learning Build powerful, cloud-based machine learning applications Explore Machine Learning: Simple, scalable, cutting edge A fully-managed cloud service that enables you to easily build, deploy, and share predictive analytics solutions. New to machine learning? New to the product? Current R or Python user? Azure Machine Learning Studio includes hundreds of built-in packages and support for custom code. Data scientist or developer? Deploy in minutes Publish, share, monetize Share your solution with the world in the Gallery or on the Azure Marketplace. experiment Telco Customer Churn Customer churn can take different forms, such as switching to a competitor's service, reducing the number of services used, or switching to a lower cost service... experiment Anomaly Detection: Credit Risk Attempt to predict credit risk as anomalies within the data. experiment Data Mining 2016 Presidential Campaign Finance Data Play with campaign finance data while learning how to prepare a large dataset for machine learning by processing and engineering features Gallery Customer stories See how American Eagle uses Azure Machine Learning within Cortana Intelligence to try and break the land speed record. See more stories What our customers are saying "The beauty of Azure Machine Learning is that it integrates with open-source technology in a decoupled fashion. Whatever your infrastructure, Azure Machine Learning delivers value." Fernando Fanton, Sr. VP of Product Development, Mendeley "What we're talking about delivering is a degree of collaboration and visibility unheard of in the oil and gas industry." Doug Weber, Remote Application Monitoring, Rockwell Automation "This epitomizes the value of the Internet of Things and machine learning to SLAC. The intelligent systems tell us of an issue before we use the system data to manually figure it out." James Williams, CIO Stanford's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Related products and services Provision cloud Hadoop, Spark, R Server, HBase, and Storm clusters Elastic data warehouse as a service with enterprise-class features Orchestrate and manage data transformation and movement Try Azure Machine Learning free with your Microsoft Account Go Social Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Rss Newsletter Microsoft Azure Solutions Products Regions Case Studies Pricing Member Offers Calculator Documentation Downloads Samples Marketplace Datacenters Community Blog Azure Updates Tech Community Forums Events Careers Support Forums Azure Status Dashboard Support Account Subscriptions Profile Preview Features Microsoft Azure portal Trust Center Security Privacy Compliance Hello from Seattle. Nutzungsbedingungen Impressum Contact Us Feedback Trademarks Privacy & Cookies © 2017 MicrosoftMachine learning · GitHub
or
Machine learning
Laying the foundations for Skynet tensorflow /
C++
scikit-learn /
Python
BVLC /
C++
fchollet /
Python
Microsoft /
C++
apache /
Python
apache /
Scala
dmlc /
C++
karpathy /
JavaScript
harthur /
JavaScript
Theano /
Python
clips /
Python
numenta /
Python
cazala /
JavaScript
JohnLangford /
C++
sjwhitworth /
Go
ryanb /
Ruby
NervanaSystems /
Python
johnmyleswhite /
R
h2oai /
Java
shogun-toolbox /
C++
mikeizbicki /
Haskell
apache /
Java
SeldonIO /
Java
nikolaypavlov /
Objective-C
datumbox /
Java
jubatus /
C++
danielsdeleo /
Ruby
cloudera /
Java
Related showcases New showcases
© 2017
Code review Project management Community Documentation Code hosting Atom Electron GitHub Desktop Developers Personal Open source For Business For Education Sponsorships About Blog Customers Careers Press Shop Contact GitHub Help Status Terms Privacy Security TrainingMachine Learning - Quora
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page. Quora Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning Read Read Answer Topic FAQ Most Viewed Writers Feed More Stories
·
·
Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning
·
53w ago 53w ago Which deep learning framework do you prefer? Which deep learning framework do you prefer? Andrej Karpathy , Machine Learning PhD student at Stanford 53w ago
·
Zeeshan Zia PhD in Computer Vision and Machine Learning
and
Nikhil Badugu M.S Computer Science & Machine Learning, Northeastern University In my PhD I went through several transitions. I started out with Matlab, which is what everyone used at the time. Unfortunately, Matlab is not a real language and everyone serious laughed at me, so... In my PhD I went through several transitions. I started out with Matlab, which is what everyone used at the time. Unfortunately, Matlab is not a real language and everyone serious laughed at me, so... (more)
·
·
Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning
·
84w ago 84w ago What triggered Andrew Ng's desire to learn artificial intelligence? What triggered Andrew Ng's desire to learn artificial intelligence?     Andrew Ng , Co-founder of Coursera; Adjunct Professor of Stanford 84w ago
·
Nikhil Badugu M.S Computer Science & Machine Learning, Northeastern University
and
Niko Gamulin PhD from the field of Machine Learning I want us to build a better society using AI.
Just as the industrial revolution relieved humanity of a lot of physical drudgery (what would your life be like if you had to sew your own clothes?), i... (more)
·
·
Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning
·
57w ago 57w ago Is AI/ML all about mathematics? If you take out the infrastructure required to handle computation, I find AI to be mostly computational maths. Do things like greedy algorithms, sorting and other cool CS things get applied here? Is AI/ML all about mathematics? If you take out the infrastructure required to handle computation, I find AI to be mostly computational maths. Do things like greedy algorithms, sorting and other cool CS things get applied here? Roman Trusov , Facebook AI Research Intern 2016 57w ago
·
Jessica Su CS PhD student at Stanford
and
Alon Amit CS degree and many years of coding. When I got into ML, I thought that it will be really easy, just to learn about the use cases for every algorithm, optimization methods and that’s it. That was really dumb of me. My biggest regret is ... (more)
·
·
Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning
·
18w ago 18w ago How does a total beginner start to learn machine learning if they have some knowledge of programming languages? How does a total beginner start to learn machine learning if they have some knowledge of programming languages? Rohit Malshe , Chem Engineer, Programmer, Author, Thinker, Amazon engineer 17w ago
·
Falguni Jhaveri Master of Science Computer Science, The University of Texas at Dallas
and
Nikhil Badugu M.S Computer Science & Machine Learning, Northeastern University If you are a total beginner, in short your path should look like this: Learn SQL, and Python. Then learn Machine learning from a couple of basic courses. Learn probability theory, and some computation... (more)
·
·
Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning
·
96w ago 96w ago How do I get started in machine learning theory and programming? How do I get started in machine learning theory and programming? Sebastian Raschka , Author of Python Machine Learning, researcher applying ML to computational bio. 96w ago
·
Rahul Panicker PhD Electrical Engineering & Machine Learning, Stanford University
and
Rahul Bohare M.S. Machine Learning & Robotics, Technical University of Munich (2018) Coursera (more) About Machine learning is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience and has been central to AI research since the field's inception. Machine learning is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience and has been central to AI research since the field's inception. Machine learning is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience and has been central to AI research since the field's inception. Questions Followers Edits Related Topics Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Artificial Neural Networks Computer Science Data Mining Classification (machine learning) Data Science Natural Language Processing Statistics (academic discipline) Algorithms Computer Vision Mathematics and Machine Learning Big Data Artificial General Intelligence Data Analysis View 11 More A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
·
·
·
·Machine Learning Archives | HackerEarth Blog
Be a better programmer Categories Toggle navigation Innovation Management Talent Management Case studies Machine Learning Webinars Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Webinar Date: September 27, 2017 Big Data Machine Learning Webinar Date: August 9, 2017 Machine Learning Webinar Date: August 24, 2017 Machine Learning Webinar Date: July 27, 2017 Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Webinar Date: July 22, 2017 Android Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning Community Machine Learning Open Source Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning 1 2 3 4 » Follow Us on LinkedIn Categories Whats on YouTube? About Us About Us Blog Engineering Blog Updates & Releases Team Careers In the Press Top Categories Top Categories Talent Assessment Placements Hackathons Community Competitive Programming Culture Resources Resources Webinars Podcasts CodeTable Hackathon Handbook Complete Reference to Competitive Programming How to get started with Open Source For Companies For Companies Recruit Assessment Sourcing Host Hackathons InterviewMachine Learning - IBM Analytics
Machine Learning Infuse continuous intelligence into your enterprise using machine learning.
Dramatically improve the productivity of your data science team. Watch the video
Read the latest analyst report.
Productivity Make your experienced and novice data scientists more productive. Trust Confidently deploy insights knowing they were generated from the most current data and trends. Freedom Choose the right language and machine learning framework for your business. Don’t get locked into only one. Featured solutions Featured solutions Quickly create, deploy and manage high quality self-learning behavioral models to extract hidden value from enterprise data – securely, in place and in real time. IBM Machine Learning for z/OS An on-premise machine learning solution that extracts hidden value from enterprise data. You can quickly ingest and transform data to create, deploy and manage high quality self-learning behavioral models using IBM z Systems data. Watch the video IBM Watson Machine Learning Service IBM Watson Machine Learning is built on IBM's proven analytics platform, making it easy for developers and data scientists to make smarter decisions, solve tough problems, and improve user outcomes. IBM Data Science Experience Now you can create value faster using the best of open source and IBM together. Built for data scientists by data scientists, the IBM Data Science Experience is a cloud-based, social workspace that helps data professionals consolidate create and collaborate across multiple open source tools such as R and Python. Related products SPSS Modeler Build accurate predictive models quickly and deliver predictive intelligence to your enterprise applications. SPSS Statistics This powerful tool provides a range of techniques, including ad-hoc analysis, hypothesis testing and reporting, to make it easier to access and manage data, select and perform analyses, and share your results. Decision Optimization Prescriptive analytics helps organizations make better decisions by optimizing trade-offs between business goals, rules, and constraints on available resources. Introducing the Data Science Experience
Resources
This white paper covers how Apache Spark is broadening access to machine learning, various machine learning use cases and why Apache Spark is the ideal platform for machine learning This ebook describes the components and processes that comprise this foundational methodology for data science and discusses some of the integral tools and techniques being used by today’s data engineers to collect, process, analyze and deploy data. This data science visualization captures the various roles, skills and industries that are most prevalent in the practice of data science. It is meant to illustrate the breadth and depth of the complex relationships and patterns that emerged from our research. The U.S.A. Cycling Women’s team employed cloud, mobile, and analytic technologies to increase performance in Team Pursuit, a four-kilometer cycling event. View case study High-demand public Wi-Fi provider, SolutionInc, analyzed its massive Wi-Fi data log covering a 2-year period using Spark to generate deeper and more precise business insights. View case study Researchers at the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute analyzed signal data from the Allen Telescope Array using limited algorithms to detect real-time signal patterns. View case study
Get connectedMachine Learning - Gartner IT Glossary
Why Gartner Analysts Research Events Consulting About IT Glossary Machine Learning Learn More at these Gartner Events… Also see: Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends for 2017: A Gartner Trend Insight Report Applying Artificial Intelligence to Drive Business Transformation: A Gartner Trend Insight Report Machine Learning/AI: Hard Facts, Conclusions and Actions Preparing and Architecting for Machine Learning Become a Client Call us now at: +1 800-213-4848 or   Stay Informed About New Special Reports Please enter a valid email address Thank you for choosing to stay informed about Gartner research.Machine Learning A-Z™: Download Practice Datasets - SuperDataScience - Big Data | Analytics Careers | Mentors | Success
Pricing Features login sign up Home Machine Learning A-Z™: Download Practice Datasets Machine Learning A-Z™: Download Practice Datasets
on Machine Learning A-Z™: Download Practice Datasets Greetings Machine Learning course The datasets and other supplementary materials are below. Enjoy! Part 0. Welcome to the course! Section 1. Welcome to the course! Meet your instructors    Data Preprocessing Data Preprocessing Machine Learning A-Z Template Folder Data_Preprocessing.zip   Part 2. Regression Section 3. Welcome to Part 2! N/A Section 4. Simple Linear Regression Simple_Linear_Regression.zip Section 5. Multiple Linear Regression Section 5. Multiple Linear Regression Step-by-step-Blueprints-For-Building-Models.pdf Multiple_Linear_Regression.zip Homework_Solutions.zip Section 6. Polynomial Regression Section 6. Polynomial Regression Polynomial_Regression.zip Regression_Template.zip Section 7. Support Vector Regression (SVR) Section 7. Support Vector Regression (SVR) SVR.zip Section 8. Decision Tree Regression Section 8. Decision Tree Regression Decision_Tree_Regression.zip Section 9. Random Forest Regression Section 9. Random Forest Regression Random_Forest_Regression.zip Section 10. Evaluating Regression Models Performance Section 10. Evaluating Regression Models Performance Regression-Pros-Cons.pdf Regularization.pdf Section 11. Regularization Methods TBA Section 12. Sections Recap TBA Part 3. Classification Section 13. Welcome to Part 3! N/A Section 14. Logistic Regression Section 14. Logistic Regression Logistic_Regression.zip Classification_Template.zip Section 15. K-Nearest Neighbors (K-NN) Section 15. K-Nearest Neighbors (K-NN) K_Nearest_Neighbors.zip Section 16. Support Vector Machine (SVM) Section 16. Support Vector Machine (SVM) SVM.zip Section 17. Kernel SVM Section 17. Kernel SVM Kernel-SVM.zip Section 18. Naive Bayes Section 18. Naive Bayes Naive_Bayes.zip Section 19. Decision Tree Classification Section 19. Decision Tree Classification Decision_Tree_Classification.zip Section 20. Random Forest Classification Section 20. Random Forest Classification Random_Forest_Classification.zip Section 21. Evaluating Classification Models Performance Section 21. Evaluating Classification Models Performance Classification-Pros-Cons.pdf Section 22. Part Recap Section 22. Part Recap TBA Clustering Section 23. Welcome to part 4! N/A Section 24. K-Means Clustering Section 24. K-Means Clustering K_Means.zip Section 25. Hierarchical Clustering Section 25. Hierarchical Clustering Hierarchical-Clustering.zip Clustering-Pros-Cons.pdf Section 26. Part Recap Section 26. Part Recap TBA Association Rule Learning Section 27. Welcome to part 5! N/A Section 28. Apriori Section 28. Apriori Apriori-R.zip Apriori-Python.zip Section 29. Eclat Section 29. Eclat Eclat.zip Section 30. Part Recap Section 30. Part Recap TBA Reinforcement Learning Section 31. Welcome to the part 6! N/A Section 32. Upper Confidence Bound (UCB) Section 32. Upper Confidence Bound (UCB) UCB.zip Section 33. Thompson Sampling Section 33. Thompson Sampling Thompson-Sampling.zip Section 34. Part 6 Recap TBA Natural Language Processing Section 35. Welcome to Part 7! N/A Section 36: Natural Language Processing Algorithms Natural-Language-Processing.zip Section 37. Part 7 Recap Section 37. Part 7 Recap TBA Deep Learning Section 38. Welcome to Part 8! N/A Section 39. Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) Section 39. Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) Artificial-Neural-Networks.zip Section 40. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) Section 40. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) Convolutional Neural Networks.zip Section 41. Part 8 Recap TBA Dimensionality Reduction Section 42. Welcome to Part 9! N/A Principal Component Analysis (PCA) PCA.zip Section 44. Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) Section 44. Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) LDA.zip Section 45. Kernel PCA Section 45. Kernel PCA Kernel-PCA.zip Section 46. Part 9 Recap TBA Model Selection  Section 47. Welcome to Part 10! N/A Section 48: Model Selection  Section 48: Model Selection  Model-Selection.zip Section 49: XGBoost Section 49: XGBoost XGBoost.zip I’m a Data Scientist and Entrepreneur. I also teach Data Science Online and host the SDS podcast where I interview some of the most inspiring Data Scientists from all around the world. I am passionate about bringing Data Science and Analytics to the world! Categories Recent post popular tags EMPOWER YOUR CAREER WITH SUPERDATASCIENCE Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms & Conditions Copyright 2017 Super Data Science
COMPLETE THIS FORM AND CLICK THE BUTTON BELOW TO SKYROCKET YOUR CAREER Join the Super Data Science free membership and begin your journey to a fulfilling career!
COMPLETE THIS FORM AND CLICK THE BUTTON Enter your email below so we can send you the Machine Learning PDF!
this is just a test here goes everythingGuide - Machine Learning | The F# Software Foundation
Toggle navigation Guide - Machine Learning with F# F# is well-suited to machine learning because of its efficient execution, succinct style,
data access capabilities and scalability. F# has been successfully used by some of the most advanced
machine learning teams in the world, including several groups at Microsoft Research. Other guides contain some material related to machine learning: Math and Statistics Data Science Cloud Programming Note that the resources listed below are provided only for educational purposes related to the F# programming language. The F# Software Foundation does not endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes, or services. Therefore, mention of commercial products, processes, or services should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation. Resources for Machine Learning Tutorials and Introductions Machine Learning Packages Tutorials and Introductions Introductions to different machine learning algorithms with F#: FSML - A machine learning project in F# Gaussian process regression in F# K-Means clustering in F# Simplify data with SVD and Math.NET in F# Recommendation Engine using Math.NET, SVD and F# Setting up F# Interactive for Machine Learning with Large Datasets Random Forests in F# - first cut Nearest Neighbor Classification, Part 1 Nearest Neighbor Classification, Part 2 Decision Tree Classification in F# Naïve Bayes Classification Logistic Regression in F# Support Vector Machine in F#: getting there AdaBoost in F# Support Vector Machines in F# Kaggle/StackOverflow contest field notes F# Data Mining Parallel Programming in F#: Aggregating Data: Particle Swarm Optimization in F# Machine Learning Packagesmachine-learning | Latest News, Photos & Videos | WIRED
machine-learning business culture design gear science security transportation photo video backchannel business culture design gear science security transportation photo video backchannel Photo Video Backchannel Magazine Wired Insider submit Intelligent iPhone Apple’s ‘Neural Engine’ Infuses the iPhone With AI Smarts Tom Simonite Machine bias Machines Taught by Photos Learn a Sexist View of Women Tom Simonite machine learning Google’s New Algorithm Perfects Photos Before You Even Take Them Elizabeth Stinson Artificial Intelligence AlphaGo Is Back to Battle Mere Humans—and It's Smarter Than Ever Cade Metz backchannel Inside Salesforce’s Quest to Bring AI to Everyone Scott Rosenberg backchannel A Blueprint for Coexistence with AI Kai-Fu Lee security business business uncategorized science gear culture photo More Stories Television While You Were Offline Sneak Peak Auto Gallery Read More Machine Learning Two Giants of AI Team Up to Head Off the Robot Apocalypse Tom Simonite backchannel Inside Microsoft's AI Comeback Jessi Hempel Healthcare Google’s AI Eye Doctor Gets Ready to Go to Work in India Tom Simonite Voice Interfaces Amazon Imagines a Future of Infinite Computing Power Arielle Pardes Artificial Intelligence Google Is Already Late to China's AI Revolution Cade Metz Artificial Intelligence AlphaGo's Designers Explore New AI After Winning Big in China Cade Metz Artificial Intelligence Google Unleashes AlphaGo in China—But Good Luck Watching It There Cade Metz Google's Go-playing AI is going head-to-head in China against the world's best player. But inside the country, you can't get much of a view of the match. Load More Results Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Accessibility Help Customer Care Contact Us Securedrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN CollectionMachine Learning | Metis
Bootcamp Overview Alumni stories Made at Metis Hiring partners Metis Admissions Prep All Courses Data Visualization with D3.js Deep Learning with TensorFlow Introduction to Data Science Machine Learning: Algorithms & Applications Statistical Foundations for Data Science and Machine Learning
Live Online Explore Data Science Corporate Training Team Blog Diversity Chicago New York City San Francisco Seattle Live Online All Events Demystifying Data Science Conference Bootcamp Overview Alumni Stories Made at Metis Hiring partners Metis Admissions Prep All Courses Data Visualization with D3.js Deep Learning with TensorFlow Introduction to Data Science Machine Learning: Algorithms & Applications Statistical Foundations for Data Science and Machine Learning
Live Online Explore Data Science Corporate Training Team Blog Diversity Chicago New York City San Francisco Seattle Live Online All Events Demystifying Data Science Conference APPLY NOW From robotics, speech recognition, and analytics, to finance and social network analysis, machine learning comprises one of the most useful scientific toolsets of our age. This course provides an overview of the core principles of machine learning using a hands-on, project-based curriculum. There is an intense focus on implementing popular machine learning algorithms to solve real problems using real data. This is designed for people working in any number of data-intensive fields, including consulting, finance, IT, healthcare, and logistics, as well as for recent college graduates and entrepreneurs interested or specializing in those fields. Part-Time Alumni can apply the amount of tuition paid for one part-time professional development course towards enrollment in an upcoming bootcamp upon admittance. Firm knowledge of the Python programming environment. Basic understanding of vector and matrix algebra (how to add and multiply vectors/matrices), as well as basic understanding of the notion of a mathematical function (e.g., understanding what f(x)=x^2 or f(x) = sin(x) means). Basic calculus and linear algebra is helpful but not required (e.g., how to take derivatives, what a linear system of equations is, etc.). A quick refresher on these topics will be provided. (Note: Knowledge of statistics is not required for this course.) Upon completion of the Machine Learning course, students have: Course Structure and Syllabus Get an overview of machine learning and the course, and jump right into first projects. What kinds of things can you build with machine learning tools? How does machine learning work? (The 5-minute elevator pitch edition.) Predictive models, our basic building blocks. Feature design and learning – what makes things distinct? Numerical optimization, the workhorse of machine learning. Getting our hands dirty with Python. Go over regression tasks with applications in forecasting, finance, and basic science. Linear regression, the foundation of machine learning. Using calculus to build useful algorithms (calculus defined optimality and solving the least squares problem). Knowledge-driven feature design for regression. Nonlinear regression and regularization. Time series extensions. Learn classification tasks with applications for object detection, speech recognition, finance, and analytics. Perceptron/logistic regression/Support Vector Machines. A brief primer on (stochastic) gradient descent. Multiclass classification. Knowledge-driven feature design for classification with examples from computer vision (object/face detection and recognition), text mining, and speech recognition. A review of deep learning and common Python libraries for image and natural language processing applications. Function approximation and bases of features. Feed-forward neural networks, deep learning, and kernels. Cross-validation for feature learning and selection. Using deep learning libraries in Python. Learn applications in text mining, consumer/product segmentation, recommender systems, image processing, and brain science. Tools for enormous datasets: K-means clustering and extensions. Tools for high dimensional data: principal component analysis and random projections. Matrix factorization models and their many applications. Fixed and learned factorizations, including the sparse coding model for redundancy reduction. A closer look at the fundamental optimization algorithms of machine learning. Students should come to class with a laptop with Python installed. Using an Integrated Development Environment for Python (like PyCharm or Eclipse) is highly recommended for debugging purposes. We will use publicly available machine learning libraries written for Python including: Scikit-learn general purpose machine learning library Caffe deep learning Python library The UCI machine learning repository Kaggle, a data science competition website Projects When using a smartphone to take pictures of other people, built-in face detection algorithms locate faces in the camera viewfinder (usually putting little squares around each one), so the camera knows where to focus the image. We will explore how the core piece of this machine learning algorithm works, and students will get hands-on experience completing a prototype face detection system. How can we intelligently guess the price of a stock or commodity in the near future? Students design a simple financial times series model using real data taken from the Federal Reserve. Deep learning, or neural networks, are popular because they can scale with enormous datasets. Students get hands-on experience using a popular software package to perform a common deep learning task called general object detection. Gauging the general population’s feelings about a product, company, or politician (referred to as 'sentiment analysis') is getting easier thanks to massive public datasets generated by social media sites like Twitter. Students practice performing sentiment analysis on real data to understand how it’s done. Handwritten digit recognition is a classic machine learning problem with popular solutions implemented in ATMs, mobile banking apps (to automatically read checks), and postal services (to automatically sort mail). Students implement a multi-class classification scheme to perform digit recognition using real-world datasets. Do you ever wonder how large online retailers and video providers recommend content based on a person's purchasing and/or viewing history? Students deploy a common recommender system model to recommend movies. Can we predict who needs preventative care that could drastically improve – if not save – their lives? Students mine a real-world dataset to determine individuals who most likely require preventative healthcare in order to avert catastrophic medical costs and consequences. Thanks for subscribing! [email protected] Contact Us Full Schedule Blog Speaker Series Press Jobs FAQ Privacy & Terms RegulatoryMachine learning - Wikipedia
Machine learning Classification Clustering Regression Anomaly detection Association rules Reinforcement learning Structured prediction Feature engineering Feature learning Online learning Semi-supervised learning Unsupervised learning Learning to rank Grammar induction Decision trees Linear regression Naive Bayes Neural networks Logistic regression Perceptron Relevance vector machine (RVM) Support vector machine (SVM) BIRCH Hierarchical Expectation-maximization (EM) OPTICS Mean-shift Factor analysis CCA ICA LDA NMF PCA t-SNE Local outlier factor Autoencoder Deep learning Multilayer perceptron RNN Restricted Boltzmann machine SOM Convolutional neural network Q-Learning SARSA Temporal Difference (TD) Bias-variance dilemma Computational learning theory Empirical risk minimization Occam learning PAC learning Statistical learning VC theory NIPS ICML ML JMLR ArXiv:cs.LG List of datasets for machine learning research Outline of machine learning v t e verify Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Types of problems and tasks 2 History and relationships to other fields 2.1 Relation to statistics 3 Theory 4 Approaches 4.1 Decision tree learning 4.2 Association rule learning 4.3 Artificial neural networks 4.4 Deep learning 4.5 Inductive logic programming 4.6 Support vector machines 4.7 Clustering 4.8 Bayesian networks 4.9 Reinforcement learning 4.10 Representation learning 4.11 Similarity and metric learning 4.12 Sparse dictionary learning 4.13 Genetic algorithms 4.14 Rule-based machine learning 4.15 Learning classifier systems 5 Applications 6 Model assessments 7 Ethics 8 Software 8.1 Free and open-source software 8.2 Proprietary software with free and open-source editions 8.3 Proprietary software 9 Journals 10 Conferences 11 See also 12 References 13 Further reading 14 External links Overview [ ] Types of problems and tasks [ ] History and relationships to other fields [ ] Relation to statistics [ ] [ ] Approaches [ ] Decision tree learning [ ] Association rule learning [ ] Association rule learning is a method for discovering interesting relations between variables in large databases. Artificial neural networks [ ] Deep learning [ ] Inductive logic programming [ ] Support vector machines [ ] Clustering [ ] Bayesian networks [ ] Reinforcement learning [ ] Representation learning [ ] Similarity and metric learning [ ] Sparse dictionary learning [ ] Genetic algorithms [ ] Rule-based machine learning [ ] Learning classifier systems [ ] Applications [ ] Applications for machine learning include: citation needed Affective computing Bioinformatics Brain–machine interfaces Cheminformatics Computational anatomy Information retrieval Linguistics Marketing Machine learning control Machine perception Medical diagnosis Economics Insurance Natural language processing Online advertising Recommender systems Robot locomotion Search engines Sequence mining Software engineering Structural health monitoring Syntactic pattern recognition Time series forecasting User behavior analytics Model assessments [ ] Ethics [ ] Software [ ] Free and open-source software [ ] CNTK Deeplearning4j dlib ELKI GNU Octave H2O Mahout Mallet mlpy MLPACK MOA (Massive Online Analysis) MXNet ND4J: ND arrays for Java NuPIC OpenAI Gym OpenAI Universe OpenNN Orange R scikit-learn Shogun TensorFlow Torch Yooreeka Weka Proprietary software with free and open-source editions [ ] KNIME RapidMiner Proprietary software [ ] Amazon Machine Learning Ayasdi IBM Data Science Experience Google Prediction API IBM SPSS Modeler KXEN Modeler LIONsolver Mathematica MATLAB Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Neural Designer NeuroSolutions Oracle Data Mining RCASE SAS Enterprise Miner SequenceL Skymind Splunk Journals [ ] Journal of Machine Learning Research Machine Learning Neural Computation Conferences [ ] Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems International Conference on Machine Learning International Conference on Learning Representations See also [ ] Artificial intelligence portal Machine learning portal Artificial intelligence Automatic reasoning Big data Computational intelligence Computational neuroscience Data science Deep learning Ethics of artificial intelligence Existential risk from advanced artificial intelligence Explanation-based learning Quantum machine learning Important publications in machine learning List of machine learning algorithms List of datasets for machine learning research Similarity learning Machine-learning applications in bioinformatics References [ ] ^     ^     ^     ^ R. Kohavi and F. Provost, \Glossary of terms," Machine Learning, vol. 30, no. 2-3, pp. 271-274, 1998. ^ ^     Machine learning and pattern recognition "can be viewed as two facets of the same field." ^ 2017-05-23     ^ ^     ^     ^     ^     ^ 2016-03-29     ^ 2017-04-10     ^ 2017-04-10     ^ 2017-04-10     ^     ^         ^         ^     2014-10-01     ^ 8 August     ^     ^     ^     4 February     ^ ^ (PDF)     ^     ^ ^ Aharon, M, M Elad, and A Bruckstein. 2006. "K-SVD: An Algorithm for Designing Overcomplete Dictionaries for Sparse Representation." Signal Processing, IEEE Transactions on 54 (11): 4311–4322 ^     ^     ^ (PDF)     ^     ^     ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 4 Mar     ^ ^ 8 August     ^ [1] ^     ^ ^ (PDF)     ^ (PDF) 11 April     ^ [2] Further reading [ ] External links [ ] International Machine Learning Society Machine learning Cybernetics Learning All pages needing factual verification Wikipedia articles needing factual verification from August 2017 Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2016 All articles containing potentially dated statements All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from August 2017 Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Languages العربية অসমীয়া Azərbaycanca Български Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Euskara فارسی Français 한국어 Հայերեն हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano עברית ಕನ್ನಡ Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Македонски മലയാളം मराठी Nederlands 日本語 Norsk Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Русский Shqip Simple English Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links
This page was last edited on 17 September 2017, at 13:48. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewIntroduction to Machine Learning | Machine Learning | InTechOpen
Home Physical Sciences, Engineering and Technology Life Sciences Health Sciences Social Sciences and Humanities Business, Management and Economics Psychology Social Sciences All Books All Books Journals Archive Journals Archive Open For Submission Open For Submission Books About Open Access Publish with us News HARDCOVER RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO YOUR LIBRARIAN Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Bibsonomy
Bibsonomy
CiteULike
CiteULike
Reddit
Reddit
LinkedIn
LinkedIn
Google +
Google +
StumbleUpon StumbleUpon Mail to a Friend Mail to a Friend Machine Learning Machine Learning can be defined in various ways related to a scientific domain concerned with the design and development of theoretical and implementation tools that allow building systems with some Human Like intelligent behavior. Machine learning addresses more specifically the ability to improve automatically through experience. Book Contents Most Downloaded Chapters How to link by Abdennasser Chebira, Abdelhamid Mellouk, Kurosh Madani and Said Hoceini by Kentarou Kurashige, Yukiko Onoue and Toshio Fukuda by Luis Ignacio Lopera by Wieslaw Sienko and Wieslaw Citko by Luca Cazzanti by Ryotaro Kamimura by Katia Lida Kermanidis by Olivier Pietquin by Saeed Abu-Nimeh, Dario Nappa, Xinlei Wang and Suku Nair by Stéphane Dehousse, Stéphane Faulkner, Caroline Herssens, Ivan J. Jureta and Marcos Saerens by Karina Zapien, Gilles Gasso, Thomas Gärtner and Stéphane Canu by Masaki Ishii, Kazuhito Sato, Hirokazu Madokoro and Makoto Nishida by Caifeng Shan by Ulrich Möller by Hamid Laga by Jhon Albeiro Calderón, Germán Zapata Madrigal and Demetrio A. Ovalle Carranza by Yan Chen, Shingo Mabu and Kotaro Hirasawa by Asma Al-tamimi, Murad Abu-Khalaf and Frank Lewis by Tadahiro Taniguchi, Kenji Ogawa and Tetsuo Sawaragi by Xin Xu About Us Our Values Our Story Our Team Our Authors and Editors Editorial Advisory Board Our Projects About Open Access Open Access Statement Article Processing Charge Open Access Mandates Open Access Funding OAI-PMH
Publish with Us Become a Book Editor Become a Reviewer Order Print Copies For Libraries Editorial Policies Publishing Standards Insurance Privacy Policy Customers Complaints Contact Jobs News EventsCategory: Machine Learning - VideoLectures.NET
Home Browse Lectures People Conferences Academic Organisations EU Supported Blog About Us Topic: RSS From: To:
Please wait... INFOApple Machine Learning Journal
 Apple Machine Learning Journal Deep Learning for Siri’s Voice: On-device Deep Mixture Density Networks for Hybrid Unit Selection Synthesis ∙ by Siri Team
Siri is a personal assistant that communicates using speech synthesis. Starting in iOS 10 and continuing with new features in iOS 11, we base Siri voices on deep learning. The resulting voices are more natural, smoother, and allow Siri’s personality to shine through. This article presents more details about the deep learning based technology behind Siri’s voice. View the article "Deep Learning for Siri’s Voice: On-device Deep Mixture Density Networks for Hybrid Unit Selection Synthesis" Inverse Text Normalization as a Labeling Problem ∙ by Siri Team
Siri displays entities like dates, times, addresses and currency amounts in a nicely formatted way.
This is the result of the application of a process called inverse text normalization (ITN) to the output of a core speech recognition component. To understand the important role ITN plays, consider that, without it, Siri would display “October twenty third twenty sixteen” instead of “October 23, 2016”.
In this work, we show that ITN can be formulated as a labelling problem, allowing for the application of a statistical model that is relatively simple, compact, fast to train, and fast to apply.
We demonstrate that this approach represents a practical path to a data-driven ITN system. View the article "Inverse Text Normalization as a Labeling Problem" Improving Neural Network Acoustic Models by Cross-bandwidth and Cross-lingual Initialization ∙ by Siri Team
Users expect Siri speech recognition to work well regardless of language, device,
acoustic environment, or communication channel bandwidth. Like many other supervised machine learning tasks, achieving such high accuracy usually requires large amounts of labeled data. Whenever we launch Siri in a new language, or extend support to different audio channel bandwidths, we face the challenge of having enough data to train our acoustic models. In this article, we discuss transfer learning techniques that leverage data from acoustic models already in production.
We show that the representations are transferable not only across languages but also across audio channel bandwidths. As a case study, we focus on recognizing narrowband audio over 8 kHz Bluetooth headsets in new Siri languages. Our techniques
help to improve significantly Siri’s accuracy on the day we introduce a new language. View the article "Improving Neural Network Acoustic Models by Cross-bandwidth and Cross-lingual Initialization" Improving the Realism of Synthetic Images ∙
Most successful examples of neural nets today are trained with supervision. However, to achieve high accuracy, the training sets need to be large, diverse, and accurately annotated, which is costly. An alternative to labelling huge amounts of data is to use synthetic images from a simulator. This is cheap as there is no labeling cost, but the synthetic images may not be realistic enough, resulting in poor generalization on real test images. To help close this performance gap, we’ve developed a method for refining synthetic images to make them look more realistic. We show that training models on these refined images leads to significant improvements in accuracy on various machine learning tasks. View the article "Improving the Realism of Synthetic Images" Welcome
July 2017
Contact us
via email Jobs at Apple
for a career at Apple Tools for innovation Copyright © 2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright two thousand seventeen Apple Inc. All rights reserved.Machine Learning—Wolfram Language Documentation
& Services Wolfram|One Mathematica Development Platform Programming Lab Data Science Platform Finance Platform SystemModeler Enterprise Private Cloud Enterprise Mathematica Wolfram|Alpha Appliance Enterprise Solutions Corporate Consulting Technical Services Wolfram|Alpha Business Solutions Products for Education Data Drop Data Repository Products for Education Wolfram|Alpha Data Drop Data Repository Mobile Apps Services Mobile Apps Services All Products & Services Wolfram Language Revolutionary knowledge-based programming language. Computable Document Format Computation-powered interactive documents. Wolfram Data Framework Semantic framework for real-world data. Wolfram Cloud Central infrastructure for Wolfram's cloud products & services. Wolfram Engine Software engine implementing the Wolfram Language. Wolfram Universal Deployment System Instant deployment across cloud, desktop, mobile, and more. Wolfram Science Technology-enabling science of the computational universe. Wolfram Natural Language Understanding System Knowledge-based, broadly deployed natural language. Wolfram Knowledgebase Curated computable knowledge powering Wolfram|Alpha. All Technologies Engineering, R&D Education Education Web & Software Finance, Statistics & Business Analysis Finance, Statistics & Business Analysis Sciences Trends Sciences Trends All Solutions
& Learning Learning   Need Help? Premium Support All Support & Learning About Work with Us Initiatives   All Company Search Wolfram Language & System Documentation Center GUIDE ActiveClassification ActiveClassificationObject ActivePrediction ActivePredictionObject BayesianMinimization ClassifierFunction ClassifierMeasurements Classify Clip ClusterClassify ClusteringComponents ClusteringTree ConvolutionLayer CountsBy DeleteDuplicates DeleteMissing Dendrogram DimensionReduce DimensionReducerFunction DimensionReduction FeatureExtract FeatureExtraction FeatureExtractor FeatureExtractorFunction FeatureNearest FeatureSpacePlot FeatureTypes FindClusters FindDistribution FindFaces FindFit FindGraphCommunities FindHiddenMarkovStates GatedRecurrentLayer GaussianFilter GroupBy ImageAdjust ImageGraphics ImageIdentify ImageRestyle LanguageIdentify LinearLayer LogisticSigmoid LowpassFilter MeanFilter MeanShiftFilter MovingAverage Nearest NetChain NetGraph NetModel NetTrain NonlinearModelFit PerformanceGoal Predict PredictorFunction PredictorMeasurements RandomSeeding Rescale SequencePredict SequencePredictorFunction SingularValueDecomposition SmoothKernelDistribution SortBy Standardize TextCases TextRecognize TextStructure Threshold TimeGoal Cluster Analysis Statistical Model Analysis Data Transforms & Smoothing Computer Vision Social Network Analysis Machine Learning Predict Classify Classify — Predict — ClassifierFunction — PredictorFunction — ClassifierMeasurements PredictorMeasurements — SequencePredict — SequencePredictorFunction — Nearest    ▪  FindFit    ▪  NonlinearModelFit    ▪  FindHiddenMarkovStates    ▪  ... DimensionReduction — DimensionReduce    ▪  DimensionReducerFunction FeatureExtraction — FeatureExtract    ▪  FeatureExtractorFunction    ▪  FeatureNearest ClusterClassify — FindClusters    ▪  ClusteringTree    ▪  ClusteringComponents FindDistribution — FeatureSpacePlot — Dendrogram — SingularValueDecomposition    ▪  FindGraphCommunities    ▪  SmoothKernelDistribution    ▪  ... BayesianMinimization — ActiveClassification — ActivePrediction — ActiveClassificationObject    ▪  ActivePredictionObject » NetGraph — NetChain    ▪  LinearLayer    ▪  ConvolutionLayer    ▪  GatedRecurrentLayer    ▪  ... NetTrain — NetModel — FeatureExtractor — FeatureTypes — PerformanceGoal — TimeGoal — RandomSeeding — » DeleteMissing — Standardize — Clip    ▪  Rescale    ▪  Threshold    ▪  LogisticSigmoid    ▪  ImageAdjust CountsBy    ▪  GroupBy    ▪  SortBy    ▪  DeleteDuplicates » MovingAverage — GaussianFilter    ▪  MeanFilter    ▪  MeanShiftFilter    ▪  LowpassFilter    ▪  ... ImageIdentify — FindFaces    ▪  TextRecognize    ▪  ImageGraphics LanguageIdentify    ▪  TextStructure    ▪  TextCases    ▪  ... ImageRestyle — Related Guides Related Links Give Top Thank you for your feedback!
Documentation Feedback (optional) (optional) | | Top Products
Services
Services
For Customers
Support
Public Resources
Support
Learning
Public Resources
Company
Connect
2017Machine Learning
my subreddits popular - - -  |  AskReddit - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - MachineLearning hot new rising controversial top gilded wiki | English English use the following search parameters to narrow your results: see the search faq for details. advanced search: by author, subreddit... MachineLearning 125,931 readers 625 users here now Rules For Posts @slashML on Twitter AMAs: Google Brain Team (8/11/2016) The MalariaSpot Team (2/6/2016) OpenAI Research Team (1/9/2016) Nando de Freitas (12/26/2015) Andrew Ng and Adam Coates (4/15/2015) Jürgen Schmidhuber (3/4/2015) Geoffrey Hinton (11/10/2014) Michael Jordan (9/10/2014) Yann LeCun (5/15/2014) Yoshua Bengio (2/27/2014) Beginners: Advanced Courses Related Subreddit : LearnMachineLearning LearnMachineLearning Statistics Statistics Computer Vision Computer Vision Compressive Sensing Compressive Sensing NLP NLP ML Questions ML Questions /r/datacleaning /r/datacleaning /r/DataScience /r/DataScience /r/scientificresearch /r/scientificresearch /r/artificial /r/artificial MODERATORS naive about moderation team » get the best of reddit, delivered once a week Google Brain announcement 517 comments share report loading... 1 33 comments share report loading... 2 6 comments share report loading... 3 Research 16 comments share report 4 Discussion 15 comments share report 5 Discussion 4 comments share report loading... 6 Discusssion 30 comments share report loading... 7 3 comments share report loading... 8 Research 8 comments share report 9 4 comments share report loading... 10 News 101 comments share report 11 8 comments share report 12 News 20 comments share report 13 1 comment share report 14 Discussion 6 comments share report loading... 15 14 comments share report loading... 16 6 comments share report loading... 17 4 comments share report 18 10 comments share report 19 2 comments share report loading... 20 News 13 comments share report 21 8 comments share report loading... 22 Research comment share report 23 9 comments share report 24 Research comment share report 25 Discussion comment share report loading... next › about blog help site rules apps & tools Reddit for iPhone <3 reddit gold REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. Advertise - technology π Rendered by PID 933 on
app-449
at 2017-09-17 16:27:04.957322+00:00 running 15512d1 country code: US.Machine Learning A-Z™: Hands-On Python & R In Data Science | Udemy
Development
All Development
Web Development Mobile Apps Programming Languages Game Development Databases Software Testing Software Engineering Development Tools E-Commerce
Business
All Business
Finance Entrepreneurship Communications Management Sales Strategy Operations Project Management Business Law Data & Analytics Home Business Human Resources Industry Media Real Estate Other
IT & Software
All IT & Software
IT Certification Network & Security Hardware Operating Systems Other
Office Productivity
All Office Productivity
Microsoft Apple Google SAP Intuit Salesforce Oracle Other
Personal Development
All Personal Development
Personal Transformation Productivity Leadership Personal Finance Career Development Parenting & Relationships Happiness Religion & Spirituality Personal Brand Building Creativity Influence Self Esteem Stress Management Memory & Study Skills Motivation Other
Design
All Design
Web Design Graphic Design Design Tools User Experience Game Design Design Thinking 3D & Animation Fashion Architectural Design Interior Design Other
Marketing
All Marketing
Digital Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Branding Marketing Fundamentals Analytics & Automation Public Relations Advertising Video & Mobile Marketing Content Marketing Non-Digital Marketing Growth Hacking Affiliate Marketing Product Marketing Other
Lifestyle
All Lifestyle
Arts & Crafts Food & Beverage Beauty & Makeup Travel Gaming Home Improvement Pet Care & Training Other
Photography
All Photography
Digital Photography Photography Fundamentals Portraits Landscape Black & White Photography Tools Mobile Photography Travel Photography Commercial Photography Wedding Photography Wildlife Photography Video Design Other
Health & Fitness
All Health & Fitness
Fitness General Health Sports Nutrition Yoga Mental Health Dieting Self Defense Safety & First Aid Dance Meditation Other
Teacher Training
All Teacher Training
Instructional Design Educational Development Teaching Tools Other
Music
All Music
Instruments Production Music Fundamentals Vocal Music Techniques Music Software Other
Academics
All Academics
Social Science Math & Science Humanities
Language
All Language
English Spanish German French Japanese Portuguese Chinese Russian Latin Arabic Hebrew Italian Other
Test Prep
All Test Prep
Grad Entry Exam International High School College Entry Exam Test Taking Skills Other Shopping cart Categories Become an Instructor Udemy for Business Help Sign Up Log In Development Business IT & Software Office Productivity Personal Development Design Marketing Lifestyle Photography Health & Fitness Teacher Training Music Academics Language Test Prep Web Development Mobile Apps Programming Languages Game Development Databases Software Testing Software Engineering Development Tools E-Commerce Finance Entrepreneurship Communications Management Sales Strategy Operations Project Management Business Law Data & Analytics Home Business Human Resources Industry Media Real Estate Other IT Certification Network & Security Hardware Operating Systems Other Microsoft Apple Google SAP Intuit Salesforce Oracle Other Personal Transformation Productivity Leadership Personal Finance Career Development Parenting & Relationships Happiness Religion & Spirituality Personal Brand Building Creativity Influence Self Esteem Stress Management Memory & Study Skills Motivation Other Web Design Graphic Design Design Tools User Experience Game Design Design Thinking 3D & Animation Fashion Architectural Design Interior Design Other Digital Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Branding Marketing Fundamentals Analytics & Automation Public Relations Advertising Video & Mobile Marketing Content Marketing Non-Digital Marketing Growth Hacking Affiliate Marketing Product Marketing Other Arts & Crafts Food & Beverage Beauty & Makeup Travel Gaming Home Improvement Pet Care & Training Other Digital Photography Photography Fundamentals Portraits Landscape Black & White Photography Tools Mobile Photography Travel Photography Commercial Photography Wedding Photography Wildlife Photography Video Design Other Fitness General Health Sports Nutrition Yoga Mental Health Dieting Self Defense Safety & First Aid Dance Meditation Other Instructional Design Educational Development Teaching Tools Other Instruments Production Music Fundamentals Vocal Music Techniques Music Software Other Social Science Math & Science Humanities English Spanish German French Japanese Portuguese Chinese Russian Latin Arabic Hebrew Italian Other Grad Entry Exam International High School College Entry Exam Test Taking Skills Other 4.4
Machine Learning A-Z™: Hands-On Python & R In Data Science
Best Seller
4.4 Preview This Course Current price: Original price: Discount:
Add to Cart
30-Day Money-Back Guarantee
40.5 hours on-demand video
20 Articles
2 Supplemental Resources
Full lifetime access
Access on mobile and TV
Certificate of Completion
Have a coupon? Master Machine Learning on Python & R Have a great intuition of many Machine Learning models Make accurate predictions Make powerful analysis Make robust Machine Learning models Create strong added value to your business Use Machine Learning for personal purpose Handle specific topics like Reinforcement Learning, NLP and Deep Learning Handle advanced techniques like Dimensionality Reduction Know which Machine Learning model to choose for each type of problem Build an army of powerful Machine Learning models and know how to combine them to solve any problem Just some high school mathematics level Interested in the field of Machine Learning? Then this course is for you! This course has been designed by two professional Data Scientists so that we can share our knowledge and help you learn complex theory, algorithms and coding libraries in a simple way. We will walk you step-by-step into the World of Machine Learning. With every tutorial you will develop new skills and improve your understanding of this challenging yet lucrative sub-field of Data Science. This course is fun and exciting, but at the same time we dive deep into Machine Learning. It is structured the following way: Part 1 - Data Preprocessing Part 2 - Regression: Simple Linear Regression, Multiple Linear Regression, Polynomial Regression, SVR, Decision Tree Regression, Random Forest Regression Part 3 - Classification: Logistic Regression, K-NN, SVM, Kernel SVM, Naive Bayes, Decision Tree Classification, Random Forest Classification Part 4 - Clustering: K-Means, Hierarchical Clustering Part 5 - Association Rule Learning: Apriori, Eclat Part 6 - Reinforcement Learning: Upper Confidence Bound, Thompson Sampling Part 7 - Natural Language Processing: Bag-of-words model and algorithms for NLP Part 8 - Deep Learning: Artificial Neural Networks, Convolutional Neural Networks Part 9 - Dimensionality Reduction: PCA, LDA, Kernel PCA Part 10 - Model Selection & Boosting: k-fold Cross Validation, Parameter Tuning, Grid Search, XGBoost Moreover, the course is packed with practical exercises which are based on live examples. So not only will you learn the theory, but you will also get some hands-on practice building your own models. And as a bonus, this course includes both Python and R code templates which you can download and use on your own projects. Anyone interested in Machine Learning Students who have at least high school knowledge in math and who want to start learning Machine Learning Any intermediate level people who know the basics of machine learning, including the classical algorithms like linear regression or logistic regression, but who want to learn more about it and explore all the different fields of Machine Learning. Any people who are not that comfortable with coding but who are interested in Machine Learning and want to apply it easily on datasets. Any students in college who want to start a career in Data Science. Any data analysts who want to level up in Machine Learning. Any people who are not satisfied with their job and who want to become a Data Scientist. Any people who want to create added value to their business by using powerful Machine Learning tools
40:48:03
+ – Welcome to the course!
6 Lectures
23:52
Preview
03:22
06:37
Preview
05:40
00:12
07:31
00:29
+ – -------------------------- Part 1: Data Preprocessing --------------------------
11 Lectures
01:43:47
Preview
01:35
06:58
05:20
11:55
01:00
15:57
18:01
17:37
15:36
01:00
08:48
5 questions
+ – ------------------------------ Part 2: Regression ------------------------------
1 Lecture
00:23
00:23
+ – Simple Linear Regression
12 Lectures
01:25:06
03:18
02:56
05:45
03:09
09:55
08:19
06:43
14:50
04:40
Preview
05:58
03:38
15:55
5 questions
+ – Multiple Linear Regression
18 Lectures
02:21:46
03:18
03:44
01:02
01:00
07:21
02:10
15:41
15:57
02:56
05:28
13:14
12:40
09:10
07:50
10:25
04:26
17:51
07:33
5 questions
+ – Polynomial Regression
12 Lectures
02:09:06
05:08
03:18
11:38
11:45
19:57
05:45
10:58
09:12
09:58
19:54
09:35
11:58
+ – Support Vector Regression (SVR)
3 Lectures
34:59
03:18
19:57
11:44
+ – Decision Tree Regression
4 Lectures
49:03
11:06
03:18
14:45
19:54
+ – Random Forest Regression
4 Lectures
44:28
06:44
03:18
16:44
17:42
+ – Evaluating Regression Models Performance
5 Lectures
35:06
05:11
09:56
08:54
09:16
01:49
4.5
56,259 240,964 30 My name is Kirill Eremenko and I am super-psyched that you are reading this! Data Science Professionally, I am a Data Science management consultant with over five years of experience in finance, retail, transport and other industries. I was trained by the best analytics mentors at Deloitte Australia and today I leverage Big Data to drive business strategy, revamp customer experience and revolutionize existing operational processes. From my courses you will straight away notice how I combine my real-life experience and academic background in Physics and Mathematics to deliver professional step-by-step coaching in the space of Data Science. I am also passionate about public speaking, and regularly present on Big Data at leading Australian universities and industry events. Forex Trading Since 2007 I have been actively involved in the Forex market as a trader as well as running programming courses in MQL4. Forex trading is something I really enjoy, because the Forex market can give you financial, and more importantly - personal freedom. In my other life I am a Data Scientist - I study numbers to analyze patterns in business processes and human behaviour... Sound familiar? Yep! Coincidentally, I am a big fan of Algorithmic Trading :) EAs, Forex Robots, Indicators, Scripts, MQL4, even java programming for Forex - Love It All! Summary To sum up, I am absolutely and utterly passionate about both Data Science and Forex Trading and I am looking forward to sharing my passion and knowledge with you!
4.4
23,352 140,134 6 Hi. My name is Hadelin de Ponteves. Always eager to learn, I invested a lot of my time in learning and teaching, covering a wide range of different scientific topics.  Today I am passionate about machine learning, deep learning and artificial intelligence. I will do my very best to convey my passion for data science to you. I have gained diverse experience in this field. I have an engineering master's degree with a specialisation in data science. I spent one year doing research in machine learning, working on innovative and exciting projects. Then a work experience at Google where I implemented some machine learning models for business analytics.  Eventually, I realised I spent most of my time doing analysis and I gradually needed to feed my creativity so I became an entrepreneur. My courses will combine the two dimensions of analysis and creativity, allowing you to learn all the analytic skills required in data science, by applying it on creative ideas.  Looking forward to working together! Hello, je m'appelle Hadelin de Ponteves et je suis un data scientist passionné.  Etant particulièrement sensible au domaine de l'éducation, je suis déterminé à y apporter de grandes contributions. J'ai déjà investi beaucoup de mon temps dans la sphère de l'éducation, à étudier et enseigner divers sujets scientifiques.  Aujourd'hui, je suis passionné de data sciences, d'intelligence artificielle et de deep learning. Et je ferai de mon mieux pour vous transmettre mes passions. Car c'est en étant passionné que l'on réussit le mieux dans un domaine, et que l'on est le plus heureux dans notre travail au quotidien. J'ai acquis beaucoup d'expérience en data sciences. J'ai effectué mes études à l'école Centrale Paris, où j'ai suivi le parcours Data Sciences, en parallèle d'un master de recherche en machine learning à l'Ecole Normale Supérieure. Ma page étudiante s'est enchaînée avec une expérience chez Google où j'ai fait des data sciences pour résoudre des problèmes business. Puis j'ai réalisé que je passais la plupart de mon temps à analyser et je développais petit à petit un besoin de créer. Donc pour nourrir ma créativité, je suis devenu un entrepreneur. Et justement, mes cours vont tous combiner ces deux dimensions d'analyse et de créativité, grâce auxquelles vous intégrerez toutes les compétences à avoir en data sciences, en les appliquant à des idées créatives. J'ai hâte de vous retrouver dans mes cours et de partager mes passions avec vous! Hadelin de Ponteves
4.5
49,965 215,601 20 Hi there, We are the SuperDataScience team. You will find us in the Data Science courses taught by Kirill Eremenko - we are here to help you out with any questions and make sure your journey through the courses is always smooth sailing! The best way to get in touch is to post a discussion in the Q&A of the course you are taking. In most cases we will respond within 24 hours. We're passionate about helping you enjoy the courses! See you in class, Sincerely, The Real People at SuperDataScience
Copyright © 2017 Udemy, Inc.Machine Learning
New About InfoQ InfoQ Writers Contribute About C4Media Exclusive updates on: Login Br
1,678,354 Aug unique visitors
Development Java Clojure Scala .Net C# Mobile Android iOS IoT HTML5 JavaScript Functional Programming Web API
Development
Developers are increasingly testing their own and each other's code. "Evaluation anxiety" is common psychological condition that is directly impacted by self-testing and team-testing. Are practices like TDD a defense mechanism to protect coders from criticism? And do emerging methods like Behavior Driven Development represents a more emotionally healthy approach to team evaluation? Architecture Enterprise Architecture Scalability/Performance Design Case Studies Microservices Patterns Security
Architecture & Design
Tim Bozarth shares how Netflix is enabling engineers to go from "zero" to "production ready" in minutes, incorporating best-practices learned through years in the cloud. He shares the story of transitioning from their home-grown RPC machinery to open-source standards and how their new approach is improving team velocity across Netflix engineering. Data Science Big Data Machine Learning NoSQL Database Data Analytics Streaming
Data Science
AI depends on "data janitorial" work, as opposed to science work, and there is a gulf between prototype and sandbox, and innovation and production. Culture & Methods Agile Diversity Leadership Lean/Kanban Personal Growth Scrum Sociocracy Software Craftmanship Team Collaboration Testing UX
Culture & Methods
Developers are increasingly testing their own and each other's code. "Evaluation anxiety" is common psychological condition that is directly impacted by self-testing and team-testing. Are practices like TDD a defense mechanism to protect coders from criticism? And do emerging methods like Behavior Driven Development represents a more emotionally healthy approach to team evaluation? DevOps Infrastructure Continuous Delivery Automation Containers Cloud
DevOps
Tim Bozarth shares how Netflix is enabling engineers to go from "zero" to "production ready" in minutes, incorporating best-practices learned through years in the cloud. He shares the story of transitioning from their home-grown RPC machinery to open-source standards and how their new approach is improving team velocity across Netflix engineering. Podcasts Software Development Conference Nov 13-17 Mar 5-9, 2018 Streaming Machine Learning Reactive Microservices Containers Security You are here: Machine Learning Content on InfoQ Data Science 175 Followers Charles Humble 30 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Alex Giamas 2 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Roland Meertens 0 Followers Development 83 Followers Roland Meertens 0 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Alex Giamas 2 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Dylan Raithel 4 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Rags Srinivas 2 Followers Development 83 Followers Roland Meertens 0 Followers 5 5 Data Science 175 Followers Roland Meertens 0 Followers Mobile 30 Followers Sergio De Simone 4 Followers All news Data Science 175 Followers Seth Earley 0 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Amit Baghel 0 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Rags Srinivas 2 Followers 1 1 Data Science 175 Followers Srini Penchikala 12 Followers 2 2 Data Science 175 Followers Michael Manapat 2 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Michael Manapat 2 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Edwin Chen 1 Followers Justin Palmer 0 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Tom Hanlon 0 Followers 1 1 Data Science 175 Followers Srini Penchikala 12 Followers Data Science 175 Followers Srini Penchikala 12 Followers All articles
49:47
Architecture & Design 419 Followers Brian D'Alessandro 0 Followers Pedro Rubio 0 Followers
38:23
Data Science 175 Followers David Talby 0 Followers
38:50
Data Science 175 Followers Venkatesh Ramanathan 0 Followers
58:48
Culture & Methods 103 Followers Maciej Ceglowski 0 Followers
22:14
Data Science 175 Followers Ekrem Aksoy 0 Followers
38:41
Data Science 175 Followers Stacey Svetlichnaya 0 Followers
36:31
Data Science 175 Followers Illia Polosukhin 1 Followers
25:52
Data Science 175 Followers Jeffrey Shomaker
Followers 1 1
39:06
Data Science 175 Followers Diego Klabjan 0 Followers All presentations Data Science 175 Followers Architecture & Design 419 Followers Architecture & Design 419 Followers Architecture & Design 419 Followers
29:56
Architecture & Design 419 Followers Eric Horesnyi 0 Followers
30:29
Architecture & Design 419 Followers Greg Murphy 0 Followers 2 2
23:02
Architecture & Design 419 Followers John Langford 0 Followers Home All topics QCon Conferences About InfoQ Our Audience Contribute About C4Media Create account Login QCons Worldwide InfoQ Weekly Newsletter Join a community of over 250 K senior developers by signing up for our newsletter RSS feed For daily content and announcements For major community updates For weekly community updates Login to InfoQ to interact with what matters most to you. Login with Google Login with Microsoft Login with Twitter Login with Facebook Recover your password... Quick overview of most important highlights in the industry and on the site. Build your own feed by choosing topics you want to read about and editors you want to hear from. Set up your notifications and don't miss out on content that matters to you Don't have a username ? REGISTER HERE Is your profile up-to-date? Please take a moment to review and update. Email Address Note: If updating/changing your email, a validation request will be sent
Keep current company name Update Company name to:
Keep current company role Update company role to:
Keep current company Size Update company size to:
Keep current country/zone Update country/zone to:
Keep current state/province/region Update state/province/region to:
Subscribe to our newsletter?
Subscribe to our architect newsletter?
Subscribe to our industry email notices? We notice you're using an ad blocker We understand why you use ad blockers. However to keep InfoQ free we need your support. InfoQ will not provide your data to third parties without individual opt-in consent. We only work with advertisers relevant to our readers. Please consider whitelisting us.Machine Learning
Search Toggle (current) Home Our Students Courses Machine Learning Machine Learning Machine Learning: 2014-2015 Course materials
Please click on Timetables on the right hand side of this page for time and location of the classes. The exercises appear below and are due Thursdays at 1pm on the specified week.
Our Students Machine Learning Information Timetables Course materials Past exam papers Sample solutions Previous course materials Degrees Online Resources & Handbooks Minerva Examinations Timetables Calendars Internal RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy & Cookies
/people/nando.defreitas/machinelearning/index.htmlMeet Michelangelo: Uber's Machine Learning Platform
Uber Data
Meet Michelangelo: Uber’s Machine Learning Platform September 5, 2017 by Uber Engineering is committed to developing technologies that create seamless, impactful experiences for our customers. We are increasingly investing in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to fulfill this vision. At Uber, our contribution to this space is Michelangelo, an internal ML-as-a-service platform that democratizes machine learning and makes scaling AI to meet the needs of business as easy as requesting a ride.
Uber Engineering is committed to developing technologies that create seamless, impactful experiences for our customers. We are increasingly investing in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to fulfill this vision. At Uber, our contribution to this space is Michelangelo, an internal ML-as-a-service platform that democratizes machine learning and makes scaling AI to meet the needs of business as easy as requesting a ride.
Michelangelo enables internal teams to seamlessly build, deploy, and operate machine learning solutions at Uber’s scale. It is designed to cover the end-to-end ML workflow: manage data, train, evaluate, and deploy models, make predictions, and monitor predictions. The system also supports traditional ML models, time series forecasting, and deep learning.
Michelangelo enables internal teams to seamlessly build, deploy, and operate machine learning solutions at Uber’s scale. It is designed to cover the end-to-end ML workflow: manage data, train, evaluate, and deploy models, make predictions, and monitor predictions. The system also supports traditional ML models, time series forecasting, and deep learning.
Michelangelo has been serving production use cases at Uber for about a year and has become the de-facto system for machine learning for our engineers and data scientists, with dozens of teams building and deploying models. In fact, it is deployed across several Uber datacenters, leverages specialized hardware, and serves predictions for the highest loaded online services at the company. Michelangelo has been serving production use cases at Uber for about a year and has become the de-facto system for machine learning for our engineers and data scientists, with dozens of teams building and deploying models. In fact, it is deployed across several Uber datacenters, leverages specialized hardware, and serves predictions for the highest loaded online services at the company. In this article, we introduce Michelangelo, discuss product use cases, and walk through the workflow of this powerful new ML-as-a-service system. In this article, we introduce Michelangelo, discuss product use cases, and walk through the workflow of this powerful new ML-as-a-service system.   Motivation behind Michelangelo Motivation behind Michelangelo Specifically, there were no systems in place to build reliable, uniform, and reproducible pipelines for creating and managing training and prediction data at scale. Prior to Michelangelo, it was not possible to train models larger than what would fit on data scientists’ desktop machines, and there was neither a standard place to store the results of training experiments nor an easy way to compare one experiment to another. Most importantly, there was no established path to deploying a model into production – in most cases, the relevant engineering team had to create a custom serving container specific to the project at hand. At the same time, we were starting to see signs of many of the ML anti-patterns documented by
Scully et al. Michelangelo is designed to address these gaps by standardizing the workflows and tools across teams though an end-to-end system that enables users across the company to easily build and operate machine learning systems at scale. Our goal was not only to solve these immediate problems, but also create a system that would grow with the business.
Michelangelo is designed to address these gaps by standardizing the workflows and tools across teams though an end-to-end system that enables users across the company to easily build and operate machine learning systems at scale. Our goal was not only to solve these immediate problems, but also create a system that would grow with the business.
When we began building Michelangelo in mid 2015, we started by addressing the challenges around scalable model training and deployment to production serving containers. Then, we focused on building better systems for managing and sharing feature pipelines. More recently, the focus shifted to developer productivity – how to speed up the path from idea to first production model and the fast iterations that follow.
In the next section, we look at an example application to understand how Michelangelo has been used to build and deploy models to solve specific problems at Uber. While we highlight a specific use case for
UberEATS , the platform manages dozens of similar models across the company for a variety of prediction use cases.   Use case: UberEATS estimated time of delivery model Use case: UberEATS estimated time of delivery model UberEATS has several models running on Michelangelo, covering meal delivery time predictions, search rankings, search autocomplete, and restaurant rankings. The delivery time models predict how much time a meal will take to prepare and deliver before the order is issued and then again at each stage of the delivery process. UberEATS has several models running on Michelangelo, covering meal delivery time predictions, search rankings, search autocomplete, and restaurant rankings. The delivery time models predict how much time a meal will take to prepare and deliver before the order is issued and then again at each stage of the delivery process. Figure 1: The UberEATS app hosts an estimated delivery time feature powered by machine learning models built on Michelangelo. Predicting meal estimated time of delivery (ETD) is not simple. When an UberEATS customer places an order it is sent to the restaurant for processing. The restaurant then needs to acknowledge the order and prepare the meal which will take time depending on the complexity of the order and how busy the restaurant is. When the meal is close to being ready, an Uber delivery-partner is dispatched to pick up the meal. Then, the delivery-partner needs to get to the restaurant, find parking, walk inside to get the food, then walk back to the car, drive to the customer’s location (which depends on route, traffic, and other factors), find parking, and walk to the customer’s door to complete the delivery. The goal is to predict the total duration of this complex multi-stage process, as well as recalculate these time-to-delivery predictions at every step of the process. Predicting meal estimated time of delivery (ETD) is not simple. When an UberEATS customer places an order it is sent to the restaurant for processing. The restaurant then needs to acknowledge the order and prepare the meal which will take time depending on the complexity of the order and how busy the restaurant is. When the meal is close to being ready, an Uber delivery-partner is dispatched to pick up the meal. Then, the delivery-partner needs to get to the restaurant, find parking, walk inside to get the food, then walk back to the car, drive to the customer’s location (which depends on route, traffic, and other factors), find parking, and walk to the customer’s door to complete the delivery. The goal is to predict the total duration of this complex multi-stage process, as well as recalculate these time-to-delivery predictions at every step of the process. On the Michelangelo platform, the UberEATS data scientists use gradient boosted decision tree regression models to predict this end-to-end delivery time. Features for the model include information from the request (e.g., time of day, delivery location), historical features (e.g. average meal prep time for the last seven days), and near-realtime calculated features (e.g., average meal prep time for the last one hour). Models are deployed across Uber’s data centers to Michelangelo model serving containers and are invoked via network requests by the UberEATS microservices. These predictions are displayed to UberEATS customers prior to ordering from a restaurant and as their meal is being prepared and delivered. On the Michelangelo platform, the UberEATS data scientists use gradient boosted decision tree regression models to predict this end-to-end delivery time. Features for the model include information from the request (e.g., time of day, delivery location), historical features (e.g. average meal prep time for the last seven days), and near-realtime calculated features (e.g., average meal prep time for the last one hour). Models are deployed across Uber’s data centers to Michelangelo model serving containers and are invoked via network requests by the UberEATS microservices. These predictions are displayed to UberEATS customers prior to ordering from a restaurant and as their meal is being prepared and delivered.   System architecture System architecture Michelangelo consists of a mix of open source systems and components built in-house. The primary open sourced components used are
HDFS ,
Spark ,
Samza ,
Cassandra ,
MLLib ,
XGBoost , and
TensorFlow . We generally prefer to use mature open source options where possible, and will fork, customize, and contribute back as needed, though we sometimes build systems ourselves when open source solutions are not ideal for our use case. Michelangelo is built on top of Uber’s data and compute infrastructure, providing a data lake that stores all of Uber’s transactional and logged data, Kafka brokers that aggregate logged messages from all Uber’s services, a Samza streaming compute engine, managed Cassandra clusters, and Uber’s in-house service provisioning and deployment tools.
Michelangelo is built on top of Uber’s data and compute infrastructure, providing a data lake that stores all of Uber’s transactional and logged data, Kafka brokers that aggregate logged messages from all Uber’s services, a Samza streaming compute engine, managed Cassandra clusters, and Uber’s in-house service provisioning and deployment tools.
In the next section, we walk through the layers of the system using the UberEATS ETD models as a case study to illustrate the technical details of Michelangelo. In the next section, we walk through the layers of the system using the UberEATS ETD models as a case study to illustrate the technical details of Michelangelo.   Machine learning workflow Machine learning workflow The same general workflow exists across almost all machine learning use cases at Uber regardless of the challenge at hand, including classification and regression, as well as time series forecasting. The workflow is generally implementation-agnostic, so easily expanded to support new algorithm types and frameworks, such as newer deep learning frameworks. It also applies across different deployment modes such as both online and offline (and in-car and in-phone) prediction use cases.
The same general workflow exists across almost all machine learning use cases at Uber regardless of the challenge at hand, including classification and regression, as well as time series forecasting. The workflow is generally implementation-agnostic, so easily expanded to support new algorithm types and frameworks, such as newer deep learning frameworks. It also applies across different deployment modes such as both online and offline (and in-car and in-phone) prediction use cases.
We designed Michelangelo specifically to provide scalable, reliable, reproducible, easy-to-use, and automated tools to address the following six-step workflow:   We designed Michelangelo specifically to provide scalable, reliable, reproducible, easy-to-use, and automated tools to address the following six-step workflow:   Manage data Manage data Train models Train models Evaluate models Evaluate models Deploy models Deploy models Make predictions Make predictions Monitor predictions Monitor predictions Next, we go into detail about how Michelangelo’s architecture facilitates each stage of this workflow. Next, we go into detail about how Michelangelo’s architecture facilitates each stage of this workflow. Finding good features is often the hardest part of machine learning and we have found that building and managing data pipelines is typically one of the most costly pieces of a complete machine learning solution.
Finding good features is often the hardest part of machine learning and we have found that building and managing data pipelines is typically one of the most costly pieces of a complete machine learning solution.
A platform should provide standard tools for building data pipelines to generate feature and label data sets for training (and re-training) and feature-only data sets for predicting. These tools should have deep integration with the company’s data lake or warehouses and with the company’s online data serving systems. The pipelines need to be scalable and performant,  incorporate integrated monitoring for data flow and data quality, and support both online and offline training and predicting. Ideally, they should also generate the features in a way that is shareable across teams to reduce duplicate work and increase data quality. They should also provide strong guard rails and controls to encourage and empower users to adopt best practices (e.g., making it easy to guarantee that the same data generation/preparation process is used at both training time and prediction time). A platform should provide standard tools for building data pipelines to generate feature and label data sets for training (and re-training) and feature-only data sets for predicting. These tools should have deep integration with the company’s data lake or warehouses and with the company’s online data serving systems. The pipelines need to be scalable and performant,  incorporate integrated monitoring for data flow and data quality, and support both online and offline training and predicting. Ideally, they should also generate the features in a way that is shareable across teams to reduce duplicate work and increase data quality. They should also provide strong guard rails and controls to encourage and empower users to adopt best practices (e.g., making it easy to guarantee that the same data generation/preparation process is used at both training time and prediction time). The data management components of Michelangelo are divided between online and offline pipelines. Currently, the offline pipelines are used to feed batch model training and batch prediction jobs and the online pipelines feed online, low latency predictions (and in the near future, online learning systems).
The data management components of Michelangelo are divided between online and offline pipelines. Currently, the offline pipelines are used to feed batch model training and batch prediction jobs and the online pipelines feed online, low latency predictions (and in the near future, online learning systems).
In addition, we added a layer of data management, a feature store that allows teams to share, discover, and use a highly curated set of features for their machine learning problems.  We found that many modeling problems at Uber use identical or similar features, and there is substantial value in enabling teams to share features between their own projects and for teams in different organizations to share features with each other. In addition, we added a layer of data management, a feature store that allows teams to share, discover, and use a highly curated set of features for their machine learning problems.  We found that many modeling problems at Uber use identical or similar features, and there is substantial value in enabling teams to share features between their own projects and for teams in different organizations to share features with each other. Figure 2: Data preparation pipelines push data into the Feature Store tables and training data repositories. Uber’s transactional and log data flows into an HDFS data lake and is easily accessible via Spark and Hive SQL compute jobs. We provide containers and scheduling to run regular jobs to compute features which can be made private to a project or published to the Feature Store (see below) and shared across teams, while batch jobs run on a schedule or a trigger and are integrated with data quality monitoring tools to quickly detect regressions in the pipeline – either due to local or upstream code or data issues.
Models that are deployed online cannot access data stored in HDFS, and it is often difficult to compute some features in a performant manner directly from the online databases that back Uber’s production services (for instance, it is not possible to directly query the UberEATS order service to compute the average meal prep time for a restaurant over a specific period of time). Instead, we allow features needed for online models to be precomputed and stored in Cassandra where they can be read at low latency at prediction time.
Models that are deployed online cannot access data stored in HDFS, and it is often difficult to compute some features in a performant manner directly from the online databases that back Uber’s production services (for instance, it is not possible to directly query the UberEATS order service to compute the average meal prep time for a restaurant over a specific period of time). Instead, we allow features needed for online models to be precomputed and stored in Cassandra where they can be read at low latency at prediction time.
We support two options for computing these online-served features, batch precompute and near-real-time compute, outlined below: We support two options for computing these online-served features, batch precompute and near-real-time compute, outlined below: The first option for computing is to conduct bulk precomputing and loading historical features from HDFS into Cassandra on a regular basis. This is simple and efficient, and generally works well for historical features where it is acceptable for the features to only be updated every few hours or once a day. This system guarantees that the same data and batch pipeline is used for both training and serving. UberEATS uses this system for features like a ‘ restaurant’s average meal preparation time over the last seven days .’ We found great value in building a centralized Feature Store in which teams around Uber can create and manage canonical features to be used by their teams and shared with others. At a high level, it accomplishes two things:   We found great value in building a centralized Feature Store in which teams around Uber can create and manage canonical features to be used by their teams and shared with others. At a high level, it accomplishes two things:   It allows users to easily add features they have built into a shared feature store, requiring only a small amount of extra metadata (owner, description, SLA, etc.) on top of what would be required for a feature generated for private, project-specific usage.
It allows users to easily add features they have built into a shared feature store, requiring only a small amount of extra metadata (owner, description, SLA, etc.) on top of what would be required for a feature generated for private, project-specific usage.
Once features are in the Feature Store, they are very easy to consume, both online and offline, by referencing a feature’s simple canonical name in the model configuration. Equipped with this information, the system handles joining in the correct HDFS data sets for model training or batch prediction and fetching the right value from Cassandra for online predictions. Once features are in the Feature Store, they are very easy to consume, both online and offline, by referencing a feature’s simple canonical name in the model configuration. Equipped with this information, the system handles joining in the correct HDFS data sets for model training or batch prediction and fetching the right value from Cassandra for online predictions. At the moment, we have approximately 10,000 features in Feature Store that are used to accelerate machine learning projects, and teams across the company are adding new ones all the time. Features in the Feature Store are automatically calculated and updated daily. At the moment, we have approximately 10,000 features in Feature Store that are used to accelerate machine learning projects, and teams across the company are adding new ones all the time. Features in the Feature Store are automatically calculated and updated daily. In the future, we intend to explore the possibility of building an automated system to search through Feature Store and identify the most useful and important features for solving a given prediction problem. In the future, we intend to explore the possibility of building an automated system to search through Feature Store and identify the most useful and important features for solving a given prediction problem. Often the features generated by data pipelines or sent from a client service are not in the proper format for the model, and they may be missing values that need to be filled. Moreover, the model may only need a subset of features provided. In some cases, it may be more useful for the model to transform a timestamp into an hour-of-day or day-of-week to better capture seasonal patterns. In other cases, feature values may need to be normalized (e.g., subtract the mean and divide by standard deviation).
Often the features generated by data pipelines or sent from a client service are not in the proper format for the model, and they may be missing values that need to be filled. Moreover, the model may only need a subset of features provided. In some cases, it may be more useful for the model to transform a timestamp into an hour-of-day or day-of-week to better capture seasonal patterns. In other cases, feature values may need to be normalized (e.g., subtract the mean and divide by standard deviation).
To address these issues, we created a DSL (domain specific language) that modelers use to select, transform, and combine the features that are sent to the model at training and prediction times. The DSL is implemented as sub-set of Scala. It is a pure functional language with a complete set of commonly used functions. With this DSL, we also provide the ability for customer teams to add their own user-defined functions. There are accessor functions that fetch feature values from the current context (data pipeline in the case of an offline model or current request from client in the case of an online model) or from the Feature Store.
To address these issues, we created a DSL (domain specific language) that modelers use to select, transform, and combine the features that are sent to the model at training and prediction times. The DSL is implemented as sub-set of Scala. It is a pure functional language with a complete set of commonly used functions. With this DSL, we also provide the ability for customer teams to add their own user-defined functions. There are accessor functions that fetch feature values from the current context (data pipeline in the case of an offline model or current request from client in the case of an online model) or from the Feature Store.
It is important to note that the DSL expressions are part of the model configuration and the same expressions are applied at training time and at prediction time to help guarantee that the same final set of features is generated and sent to the model in both cases. It is important to note that the DSL expressions are part of the model configuration and the same expressions are applied at training time and at prediction time to help guarantee that the same final set of features is generated and sent to the model in both cases. AI Labs
and other internal researchers. In addition, we let customer teams add their own model types by providing custom training, evaluation, and serving code. The distributed model training system scales up to handle billions of samples and down to small datasets for quick iterations. A model configuration specifies the model type, hyper-parameters, data source reference, and feature DSL expressions, as well as compute resource requirements (the number of machines, how much memory, whether or not to use GPUs, etc.). It is used to configure the training job, which is run on a
YARN
or
Mesos
cluster.
After the model is trained, performance metrics (e.g., ROC curve and PR curve) are computed and combined into a model evaluation report. At the end of training, the original configuration, the learned parameters, and the evaluation report are saved back to our model repository for analysis and deployment. After the model is trained, performance metrics (e.g., ROC curve and PR curve) are computed and combined into a model evaluation report. At the end of training, the original configuration, the learned parameters, and the evaluation report are saved back to our model repository for analysis and deployment. In addition to training single models, Michelangelo supports hyper-parameter search for all model types as well as partitioned models. With partitioned models, we automatically partition the training data based on configuration from the user and then train one model per partition, falling back to a parent model when needed (e.g. training one model per city and falling back to a country-level model when an accurate city-level model cannot be achieved). In addition to training single models, Michelangelo supports hyper-parameter search for all model types as well as partitioned models. With partitioned models, we automatically partition the training data based on configuration from the user and then train one model per partition, falling back to a parent model when needed (e.g. training one model per city and falling back to a country-level model when an accurate city-level model cannot be achieved). Training jobs can be configured and managed through a web UI or an API, often via  Jupyter notebook . Many teams use the API and workflow tools to schedule regular re-training of their models. Figure 3: Model training jobs use Feature Store and training data repository data sets to train models and then push them to the model repository. Models are often trained as part of a methodical exploration process to identify the set of features, algorithms, and hyper-parameters that create the best model for their problem. Before arriving at the ideal model for a given use case, it is not uncommon to train hundreds of models that do not make the cut. Though not ultimately used in production, the performance of these models guide engineers towards the model configuration that results in the best model performance. Keeping track of these trained models (e.g. who trained them and when, on what data set, with which hyper-parameters, etc.), evaluating them, and comparing them to each other are typically big challenges when dealing with so many models and present opportunities for the platform to add a lot of value.
Models are often trained as part of a methodical exploration process to identify the set of features, algorithms, and hyper-parameters that create the best model for their problem. Before arriving at the ideal model for a given use case, it is not uncommon to train hundreds of models that do not make the cut. Though not ultimately used in production, the performance of these models guide engineers towards the model configuration that results in the best model performance. Keeping track of these trained models (e.g. who trained them and when, on what data set, with which hyper-parameters, etc.), evaluating them, and comparing them to each other are typically big challenges when dealing with so many models and present opportunities for the platform to add a lot of value.
For every model that is trained in Michelangelo, we store a versioned object in our model repository in Cassandra that contains a record of: For every model that is trained in Michelangelo, we store a versioned object in our model repository in Cassandra that contains a record of: Who trained the model Who trained the model Start and end time of the training job Start and end time of the training job Full model configuration (features used, hyper-parameter values, etc.) Full model configuration (features used, hyper-parameter values, etc.) Reference to training and test data sets Reference to training and test data sets Distribution and relative importance of each feature Distribution and relative importance of each feature Model accuracy metrics Model accuracy metrics Standard charts and graphs for each model type (e.g. ROC curve, PR curve, and confusion matrix for a binary classifier) Standard charts and graphs for each model type (e.g. ROC curve, PR curve, and confusion matrix for a binary classifier) Full learned parameters of the model Full learned parameters of the model Summary statistics for model visualization Summary statistics for model visualization The information is easily available to the user through a web UI and programmatically through an API, both for inspecting the details of an individual model and for comparing one or more models with each other. The information is easily available to the user through a web UI and programmatically through an API, both for inspecting the details of an individual model and for comparing one or more models with each other. The model accuracy report for a regression model shows standard accuracy metrics and charts. Classification models would display a different set, as depicted below in Figures 4 and 5: The model accuracy report for a regression model shows standard accuracy metrics and charts. Classification models would display a different set, as depicted below in Figures 4 and 5: Figure 4: Regression model reports show regression-related performance metrics.   Figure 5: Binary classification performance reports show classification-related performance metrics. For important model types, we provide sophisticated visualization tools to help modelers understand why a model behaves as it does, as well as to help debug it if necessary. In the case of decision tree models, we let the user browse through each of the individual trees to see their relative importance to the overall model, their split points, the importance of each feature to a particular tree, and the distribution of data at each split, among other variables. The user can specify feature values and the visualization will depict the triggered paths down the decision trees, the prediction per tree, and the overall prediction for the model, as pictured in Figure 6 below:  For important model types, we provide sophisticated visualization tools to help modelers understand why a model behaves as it does, as well as to help debug it if necessary. In the case of decision tree models, we let the user browse through each of the individual trees to see their relative importance to the overall model, their split points, the importance of each feature to a particular tree, and the distribution of data at each split, among other variables. The user can specify feature values and the visualization will depict the triggered paths down the decision trees, the prediction per tree, and the overall prediction for the model, as pictured in Figure 6 below:  Figure 6: Tree models can be explored with powerful tree visualizations. Michelangelo provides a feature report that shows each feature in order of importance to the model along with partial dependence plots and distribution histograms. Selecting two features lets the user understand the feature interactions as a two-way partial dependence diagram, as showcased below: Michelangelo provides a feature report that shows each feature in order of importance to the model along with partial dependence plots and distribution histograms. Selecting two features lets the user understand the feature interactions as a two-way partial dependence diagram, as showcased below: Figure 7: Features, their impact on the model, and their interactions can be explored though a feature report. Michelangelo has end-to-end support for managing model deployment via the UI or API and three modes in which a model can be deployed:
Michelangelo has end-to-end support for managing model deployment via the UI or API and three modes in which a model can be deployed:
The model is deployed to an offline container and run in a Spark job to generate batch predictions either on demand or on a repeating schedule. The model is deployed to an online prediction service cluster (generally containing hundreds of machines behind a load balancer) where clients can send individual or batched prediction requests as network RPC calls. We intend to launch a model that is deployed to a serving container that is embedded as a library in another service and invoked via a Java API. (It is not shown in Figure 8, below, but works similarly to online deployment). Figure 8: Models from the model repository are deployed to online and offline containers for serving. In all cases, the required model artifacts (metadata files, model parameter files, and compiled DSL expressions) are packaged in a ZIP archive and copied to the relevant hosts across Uber’s data centers using our standard code deployment infrastructure. The prediction containers automatically load the new models from disk and start handling prediction requests.   In all cases, the required model artifacts (metadata files, model parameter files, and compiled DSL expressions) are packaged in a ZIP archive and copied to the relevant hosts across Uber’s data centers using our standard code deployment infrastructure. The prediction containers automatically load the new models from disk and start handling prediction requests.   Many teams have automation scripts to schedule regular model retraining and deployment via Michelangelo’s API. In the case of the UberEATS delivery time models, training and deployment are triggered manually by data scientists and engineers through the web UI. Many teams have automation scripts to schedule regular model retraining and deployment via Michelangelo’s API. In the case of the UberEATS delivery time models, training and deployment are triggered manually by data scientists and engineers through the web UI. Once models are deployed and loaded by the serving container, they are used to make predictions based on feature data loaded from a data pipeline or directly from a client service. The raw features are passed through the compiled DSL expressions which can modify the raw features and/or fetch additional features from the Feature Store. The final feature vector is constructed and passed to the model for scoring. In the case of online models, the prediction is returned to the client service over the network. In the case of offline models, the predictions are written back to Hive where they can be consumed by downstream batch jobs or accessed by users directly through SQL-based query tools, as depicted below:  Once models are deployed and loaded by the serving container, they are used to make predictions based on feature data loaded from a data pipeline or directly from a client service. The raw features are passed through the compiled DSL expressions which can modify the raw features and/or fetch additional features from the Feature Store. The final feature vector is constructed and passed to the model for scoring. In the case of online models, the prediction is returned to the client service over the network. In the case of offline models, the predictions are written back to Hive where they can be consumed by downstream batch jobs or accessed by users directly through SQL-based query tools, as depicted below:  Figure 9: Online and offline prediction services use sets of feature vectors to generate predictions. More than one model can be deployed at the same time to a given serving container. This allows safe transitions from old models to new models and side-by-side A/B testing of models. At serving time, a model is identified by its UUID and an optional tag (or alias) that is specified during deployment. In the case of an online model, the client service sends the feature vector along with the model UUID or model tag that it wants to use; in the case of a tag, the container will generate the prediction using the model most recently deployed to that tag. In the case of batch models, all deployed models are used to score each batch data set and the prediction records contain the model UUID and optional tag so that consumers can filter as appropriate.
More than one model can be deployed at the same time to a given serving container. This allows safe transitions from old models to new models and side-by-side A/B testing of models. At serving time, a model is identified by its UUID and an optional tag (or alias) that is specified during deployment. In the case of an online model, the client service sends the feature vector along with the model UUID or model tag that it wants to use; in the case of a tag, the container will generate the prediction using the model most recently deployed to that tag. In the case of batch models, all deployed models are used to score each batch data set and the prediction records contain the model UUID and optional tag so that consumers can filter as appropriate.
If both models have the same signature (i.e. expect the same set of features) when deploying a new model to replace an old model, users can deploy the new model to the same tag as the old model and the container will start using the new model immediately. This allows customers to update their models without requiring a change in their client code. Users can also deploy the new model using just its UUID and then modify a configuration in the client or intermediate service to gradually switch traffic from the old model UUID to the new one.
If both models have the same signature (i.e. expect the same set of features) when deploying a new model to replace an old model, users can deploy the new model to the same tag as the old model and the container will start using the new model immediately. This allows customers to update their models without requiring a change in their client code. Users can also deploy the new model using just its UUID and then modify a configuration in the client or intermediate service to gradually switch traffic from the old model UUID to the new one.
For A/B testing of models, users can simply deploy competing models either via UUIDs or tags and then use Uber’s experimentation framework from within the client service to send portions of the traffic to each model and track performance metrics. For A/B testing of models, users can simply deploy competing models either via UUIDs or tags and then use Uber’s experimentation framework from within the client service to send portions of the traffic to each model and track performance metrics. Since machine learning models are stateless and share nothing, they are trivial to scale out, both in online and offline serving modes. In the case of online models, we can simply add more hosts to the prediction service cluster and let the load balancer spread the load. In the case of offline predictions, we can add more Spark executors and let Spark manage the parallelism.
Since machine learning models are stateless and share nothing, they are trivial to scale out, both in online and offline serving modes. In the case of online models, we can simply add more hosts to the prediction service cluster and let the load balancer spread the load. In the case of offline predictions, we can add more Spark executors and let Spark manage the parallelism.
Online serving latency depends on model type and complexity and whether or not the model requires features from the Cassandra feature store. In the case of a model that does not need features from Cassandra, we typically see P95 latency of less than 5 milliseconds (ms). In the case of models that do require features from Cassandra, we typically see P95 latency of less than 10ms. The highest traffic models right now are serving more than 250,000 predictions per second. Online serving latency depends on model type and complexity and whether or not the model requires features from the Cassandra feature store. In the case of a model that does not need features from Cassandra, we typically see P95 latency of less than 5 milliseconds (ms). In the case of models that do require features from Cassandra, we typically see P95 latency of less than 10ms. The highest traffic models right now are serving more than 250,000 predictions per second. When a model is trained and evaluated, historical data is always used. To make sure that a model is working well into the future, it is critical to monitor its predictions so as to ensure that the data pipelines are continuing to send accurate data and that production environment has not changed such that the model is no longer accurate.
When a model is trained and evaluated, historical data is always used. To make sure that a model is working well into the future, it is critical to monitor its predictions so as to ensure that the data pipelines are continuing to send accurate data and that production environment has not changed such that the model is no longer accurate.
Figure 10: Predictions are sampled and compared to observed outcomes to generate model accuracy metrics. The last important piece of the system is an API tier. This is the brains of the system. It consists of a management application that serves the web UI and network API and integrations with Uber’s system monitoring and alerting infrastructure. This tier also houses the workflow system that is used to orchestrate the batch data pipelines, training jobs, batch prediction jobs, and the deployment of models both to batch and online containers.
The last important piece of the system is an API tier. This is the brains of the system. It consists of a management application that serves the web UI and network API and integrations with Uber’s system monitoring and alerting infrastructure. This tier also houses the workflow system that is used to orchestrate the batch data pipelines, training jobs, batch prediction jobs, and the deployment of models both to batch and online containers.
Users of Michelangelo interact directly with these components through the web UI, the REST API, and the monitoring and alerting tools. Users of Michelangelo interact directly with these components through the web UI, the REST API, and the monitoring and alerting tools.   Building on the Michelangelo platform Building on the Michelangelo platform In the coming months, we plan to continue scaling and hardening the existing system to support both the growth of our set of customer teams and Uber’s business overall. As the platform layers mature, we plan to invest in higher level tools and services to drive democratization of machine learning and better support the needs of our business:
In the coming months, we plan to continue scaling and hardening the existing system to support both the growth of our set of customer teams and Uber’s business overall. As the platform layers mature, we plan to invest in higher level tools and services to drive democratization of machine learning and better support the needs of our business:
This will be a system for automatically searching and discovering model configurations (algorithm, feature sets, hyper-parameter values, etc.) that result in the best performing models for given modeling problems. The system would also automatically build the production data pipelines to generate the features and labels needed to power the models. We have addressed big pieces of this already with our Feature Store, our unified offline and online data pipelines, and hyper-parameter search feature. We plan to accelerate our earlier data science work through AutoML. The system would allow data scientists to specify a set of labels and an objective function, and then would make the most privacy-and security-aware use of Uber’s data to find the best model for the problem. The goal is to amplify data scientist productivity with smart tools that make their job easier. Understanding and debugging models is increasingly important, especially for deep learning. While we have made some important first steps with visualization tools for tree-based models, much more needs to be done to enable data scientists to understand, debug, and tune their models and for users to trust the results. .
Most of Uber’s machine learning models directly affect the Uber product in real time. This means they operate in the complex and ever-changing environment of moving things in the physical world. To keep our models accurate as this environment changes, our models need to change with it. Today, teams are regularly retraining their models in Michelangelo. A full platform solution to this use case involves easily updateable model types, faster training and evaluation architecture and pipelines, automated model validation and deployment, and sophisticated monitoring and alerting systems. Though a big project, early results suggest substantial potential gains from doing online learning right. An increasing number of Uber’s machine learning systems are implementing deep learning technologies. The user workflow of defining and iterating on deep learning models is sufficiently different from the standard workflow such that it needs unique platform support. Deep learning use cases typically handle a larger quantity of data, and different hardware requirements (i.e. GPUs) motivate further investments into distributed learning and a tighter integration with a flexible resource management stack. If you are interesting in tackling machine learning challenges that push the limits of scale, consider
Jeremy Hermann is an Engineering Manager and Mike Del Balso is a Product Manager on Uber’s Machine Learning Platform team. Jeremy Hermann is an Engineering Manager and Mike Del Balso is a Product Manager on Uber’s Machine Learning Platform team.   /  •   •   •   •Cambridge Machine Learning Group | Homepage
Admin Internal wiki Subscribe to our RSS Feed Home Our Group Our Updates Our work Our people Faculty Post-docs Graduate Students Past members FAQ Latest news August 10, 2017, 3:54 pm Several papers from MLG have won prizes at ICML 2017. Congratulations to everyone involved! Main Conference Track Best Paper Honourable Mention Matej Balog, Nilesh Tripuraneni, Zoubin Ghahramani, Adrian Weller Lost relatives of the Gumbel trick ICML Workshop on Human Interpretability in Machine Learning Best paper award Isabel Valera, Melanie Fernandez-Pradier, and Zoubin Ghahramani. General Latent [...] August 10, 2017, 3:45 pm We are seeking two highly creative and motivated Research Assistants/Associates to join the Machine Learning Group at the University of Cambridge. The positions are for up to 24 months with a possible extension. Details below! http://www.jobs.cam.ac.uk/job/14617/ (Closing Date: 7 September 2017) http://www.jobs.cam.ac.uk/job/14619/ (Closing Date: 7 September 2017) The two positions are funded by Samsung. The [...] June 1, 2017, 11:03 am Ten papers including authors from the Cambridge Machine Learning Group will appear at the International Conference for Machine Learning (ICML) 2017. They are: Li Y. and Gal Y. Dropout inference in Bayesian neural networks with alpha-divergences. Hernández-Lobato J. M., Requeima J., Pyzer-Knapp E. O. and Aspuru-Guzik A. Parallel and Distributed Thompson Sampling for Large-scale Accelerated [...] May 12, 2017, 5:16 pm MLG graduate student Alessandro Ialongo has been selected for the 2017 Qualcomm Innovation Fellowship. He was awarded $40,000 for his innovation proposal titled “Learning and Decision-Making for Autonomous Behaviour”. The fellowship also involves the assignment of a Qualcomm researcher as mentor to facilitate close collaboration and interaction with Qualcomm Research & Development. May 11, 2017, 3:56 pm We wish to highlight three recent papers led by members from the group. The text can be found on the authors’ personal pages. Mark Rowland, Aldo Pacchiano and Adrian Weller. Conditions beyond treewidth for tightness of higher-order LP relaxations International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics (AISTATS) 2017 Alexander G. de G. Matthews, Mark van [...] March 27, 2017, 9:09 am Prof Sir David MacKay was an amazing man, who until recently was part of our group. David was a terrific researcher and teacher in machine learning, and a passionate campaigner for social good through his work on energy. He passed away tragically last year. David was a fellow at Darwin College. With help from the [...] November 29, 2016, 2:45 pm The Leverhulme Centre for the Future of Intelligence (CFI; http://lcfi.ac.uk/) and the Machine Learning Group (http://mlg.eng.cam.ac.uk ) at the University of Cambridge invite applications for a Postdoctoral Research Associate in the study of trust and transparency in Artificial Intelligence (AI). The appointment will be for 3 years. CFI is a new, highly interdisciplinary research centre [...] October 26, 2016, 5:56 pm Zoubin Ghahramani and Adrian Weller are involved with the Leverhulme Centre for the Future of Intelligence which was launched this week. Professor Stephen Hawking gave a widely reported speech at the launch. Zoubin, who introduced the talk, is the Deputy Director of the Centre. Adrian is an Executive Fellow at the centre and is leading [...] October 26, 2016, 5:38 pm Prof. Zoubin Ghahramani has spoken to the BBC world service Forum radio show on the question: “Do we need artificial intelligence?”. The full show can be found here. October 26, 2016, 5:23 pm Shane Gu was involved with a Google shared experience robotics project this summer. The project was written up on Google’s research blog and in the MIT technology review. Shane is the first author on one of the corresponding papers which can be found here. August 19, 2016, 9:28 am MLG members are involved with the organisation of one symposium and three workshops at NIPS. These are: Symposium Machine Learning and the Law Adrian Weller, Thomas D. Grant, Conrad McDonnell and Jat Singh Workshops Bayesian Deep Learning Yarin Gal, Christos Louizos, Zoubin Ghahramani, Kevin P Murphy and Max Welling Towards an Artificial Intelligence for Data [...] August 16, 2016, 2:16 pm Five new papers from the group are to appear at the 2016 conference on Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS 2016), to be held in December in Barcelona, Spain. The list of papers are: Renyi Divergence Variational Inference Yingzhen Li and Rich Turner A Theoretically Grounded Application of Dropout in Recurrent Neural Networks Yarin [...] May 24, 2016, 4:32 pm Alex Matthews has been given a software award from the Google Open Source Programs Office for his work on TensorFlow. The award is for “…people outside of Google that they thought were doing great things in the world of open source”, in particular for his work implementing Cholesky backpropagation. The work removes one of the [...] April 27, 2016, 8:24 am Ten papers involving authors from MLG will appear at the International Conference on Machine Learning 2016. They are: Unitary Evolution Recurrent Neural Networks Martin Arjovsky, Amar Shah and Yoshua Bengio Predictive Entropy Search for Multi-objective Bayesian Optimization Daniel Hernández-Lobato, José Miguel Hernández-Lobato, Amar Shah and Ryan P. Adams. Pareto Frontier Learning with Expensive Correlated Objectives [...] April 25, 2016, 8:00 am We are delighted to announce that Dr. José Miguel Hernández-Lobato will join Cambridge MLG as a University Lecturer in Machine Learning later this year. Miguel joins us from Harvard and has a broad range of interests in probabilistic machine learning. For more details see his website. Machine Learning Group @ The University of Cambridge Group Members Faculty January 18, 2012, 2:00 pm December 8, 2011, 2:07 pm December 8, 2011, 1:35 pm September 28, 2011, 4:21 pm Senior Researchers November 5, 2014, 3:16 pm Post-docs November 9, 2016, 9:21 pm May 31, 2016, 1:16 pm April 24, 2016, 4:34 pm March 3, 2014, 1:06 pm October 23, 2013, 4:19 pm December 19, 2012, 12:18 am December 18, 2012, 2:57 pm November 2, 2012, 8:47 am October 19, 2012, 12:53 pm
Visitors November 3, 2016, 2:57 pm Graduate Students November 9, 2016, 2:26 pm November 4, 2016, 12:15 am November 3, 2016, 12:59 pm November 16, 2015, 12:06 pm October 27, 2015, 11:19 am October 21, 2015, 4:17 pm October 20, 2015, 10:38 pm December 10, 2014, 4:44 am December 9, 2014, 10:54 am December 1, 2014, 1:01 pm November 23, 2014, 2:31 am October 29, 2013, 8:50 pm October 24, 2013, 7:30 am October 23, 2013, 4:02 pm November 19, 2012, 6:04 pm November 19, 2012, 5:40 pm October 11, 2011, 11:48 am
In Memoriam July 26, 2014, 10:05 pm Alumni       Taught Courses 3F3: Signal and  Pattern Processing 4F10: Statistical Pattern Processing 4F13: Machine Learning Previous events Sean Holden   scroll to top Subscribe to our RSS FeedNYC Machine Learning (New York, NY)
| Meetup
Create a Meetup Log in Sign up NYC Machine Learning A group to discuss machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, knowledge representation, and artificial intelligence. Meetings will cover research papers and algorithms in the field. We'll also try to occasionally bring in a speaker to talk about their work.
Welcome!
(1) Past Conversations Calendar Thu Sep 21 7:00 PM → → Conversations Recent Meetups
August 17 · 7:00 PM
4.50 6
June 22 · 7:00 PM
5.00 6
June 15 · 7:00 PM
5.00 7
April 27 · 7:00 PM
5.00 6
March 23 · 7:00 PM
5.00 12
What's new
Waitlist Sep
21 250 · 34 Waitlist Sep
21 250 · 34 Waitlist Sep
21 250 · 34 Waitlist Sep
21 250 · 34 Waitlist Sep
21 250 · 34 Waitlist Sep
21 250 · 34 NYC Machine Learning https://www.meetup.com/NYC-Machine-Learning/ New York NY 10003 20090902 Members 11,122 Group reviews 69 Upcoming Meetups 1 Past Meetups 119 Our calendar
Help support your Meetup
3,205 NYC Techies 5,673 JavaScripters 7,063 Data Scientists 4,924 Members 5,739 Data Scientists and Open Data-er 4,208 Quants Made in NYC
© 2017 Meetup
Privacy Terms
Sign up
Continue with Facebook Continue with Google Continue with Facebook Continue with Google Sign up
Sign up using FacebookOutline of machine learning - Wikipedia
Outline of machine learning Contents 1 2 Branches of machine learning 2.1 Subfields 2.2 Cross-disciplinary fields 3 Machine learning hardware 4 Machine learning tools 4.1 Proprietary frameworks 4.2 Open source frameworks 4.3 Machine learning libraries 5 Machine learning methods 5.1 Supervised learning 5.1.1 Artificial neural network 5.1.2 Bayesian 5.1.3 Decision tree 5.1.4 Linear classifier 5.2 Unsupervised learning 5.2.1 Artificial neural network 5.2.2 Association rule learning 5.2.3 Hierarchical clustering 5.2.4 Cluster analysis 5.2.5 Anomaly detection 5.3 Semi-supervised learning 5.4 Reinforcement learning 5.5 Deep learning 5.6 Others 6 Applications of machine learning 7 Machine learning problems and tasks 8 Machine learning research 9 History of machine learning 10 Machine learning projects 11 Machine learning organizations 12 Machine learning venues 12.1 Machine learning conferences and workshops 12.2 Machine learning journals 13 Persons influential in machine learning 14 See also 15 Further reading 16 References 17 External links [ ] Branches of machine learning [ ] Subfields [ ] Grammar induction Meta learning Cross-disciplinary fields [ ] Adversarial machine learning Predictive analytics Quantum machine learning Robot learning Machine learning hardware [ ] Graphics processing unit Tensor processing unit Vision processing unit Machine learning tools [ ] Comparison of deep learning software/Resources Proprietary frameworks [ ] Amazon Machine Learning Azure ML Studio Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit Open source frameworks [ ] Apache Singa Caffe H2O MLPACK TensorFlow Torch Machine learning libraries [ ] Deeplearning4j Theano Scikit-learn Machine learning methods [ ] CCA Factor analysis Projection pursuit Sammon mapping Boosting AdaBoost Random Forest Logistic regression Linear regression Stepwise regression Ridge regression Elastic net Naive Bayes classifier Binary classifier Linear classifier Hierarchical classifier Supervised learning [ ] AODE Apriori algorithm Eclat algorithm Case-based reasoning Gaussian process regression Gene expression programming Inductive logic programming Instance-based learning Lazy learning Learning Automata Learning Vector Quantization Logistic Model Tree Nearest Neighbor Algorithm Analogical modeling Support vector machines Random Forests Boosting (meta-algorithm) Ordinal classification Conditional Random Field ANOVA Quadratic classifiers k-nearest neighbor SPRINT Naive Bayes Hidden Markov models Artificial neural network [ ] Autoencoder Backpropagation Boltzmann machine Convolutional neural network Deep learning Hopfield network Multilayer perceptron Perceptron Restricted Boltzmann machine Spiking neural network Bayesian [ ] Bayesian knowledge base Naive Bayes Gaussian Naive Bayes Multinomial Naive Bayes Decision tree [ ] C4.5 algorithm C5.0 algorithm Decision stump Conditional decision tree ID3 algorithm Random forest SLIQ Linear classifier [ ] Fisher's linear discriminant Linear regression Logistic regression Multinomial logistic regression Naive Bayes classifier Perceptron Support vector machine Unsupervised learning [ ] Expectation-maximization algorithm Vector Quantization Generative topographic map Information bottleneck method Artificial neural network [ ] Extreme learning machine Logic learning machine Self-organizing map Association rule learning [ ] Apriori algorithm Eclat algorithm FP-growth algorithm Hierarchical clustering [ ] Single-linkage clustering Conceptual clustering Cluster analysis [ ] BIRCH DBSCAN Expectation-maximization (EM) Fuzzy clustering Hierarchical Clustering K-means algorithm K-means clustering K-medians Mean-shift OPTICS algorithm Anomaly detection [ ] Anomaly detection Local outlier factor Semi-supervised learning [ ] Generative models Low-density separation Graph-based methods Co-training Reinforcement learning [ ] Temporal difference learning Q-learning Learning Automata Deep learning [ ] Deep belief networks Hierarchical temporal memory Stacked Auto-Encoders Others [ ] Data Pre-processing Online machine learning Applications of machine learning [ ] Biomedical informatics Computer vision Data mining Email filtering Automatic summarization Automatic taxonomy construction Dialog system Grammar checker Handwriting recognition Optical character recognition Speech recognition Machine translation Question answering Speech synthesis Text simplification Facial recognition system Handwriting recognition Image recognition Optical character recognition Speech recognition Recommendation system Search engine Machine learning problems and tasks [ ] Anomaly detection Association rules Bias-variance dilemma Classification Clustering Empirical risk minimization Feature engineering Feature learning Learning to rank Occam learning Online learning PAC learning Regression Reinforcement Learning Semi-supervised learning Statistical learning Bayesian network Unsupervised learning VC theory Machine learning research [ ] List of artificial intelligence projects List of datasets for machine learning research History of machine learning [ ] Timeline of machine learning Machine learning projects [ ] DeepMind Google Brain Machine learning organizations [ ] Knowledge Engineering and Machine Learning Group Machine learning venues [ ] Machine learning conferences and workshops [ ] Artificial Intelligence and Security (AISec) (co-located workshop with CCS) ECML PKDD Machine learning journals [ ] Machine Learning Neural Computation Persons influential in machine learning [ ] Alberto Broggi Andrei Knyazev Andrew McCallum Andrew Ng Armin B. Cremers Ayanna Howard Barney Pell Ben Goertzel Ben Taskar Bernhard Schölkopf Brian D. Ripley Christopher G. Atkeson Corinna Cortes Demis Hassabis Douglas Lenat Eric Xing Ernst Dickmanns Hans-Peter Kriegel Hartmut Neven Heikki Mannila Jacek M. Zurada Jaime Carbonell Jerome H. Friedman John D. Lafferty Julie Beth Lovins Jürgen Schmidhuber Karl Steinbuch Katia Sycara Lise Getoor Luca Maria Gambardella Léon Bottou Marcus Hutter Mehryar Mohri Michael Collins Michael I. Jordan Michael L. Littman Nando de Freitas Ofer Dekel Oren Etzioni Pedro Domingos Peter Flach Pierre Baldi Pushmeet Kohli Ray Kurzweil Rayid Ghani Ross Quinlan Salvatore J. Stolfo Sebastian Thrun Selmer Bringsjord Sepp Hochreiter Shane Legg Stephen Muggleton Steve Omohundro Tom M. Mitchell Trevor Hastie Vasant Honavar Yasuo Matsuyama Yoshua Bengio Zoubin Ghahramani See also [ ] Machine learning portal Outline of computer vision Outline of natural language processing Outline of robotics Further reading [ ] References [ ] ^     ^     ^ http://www.learningtheory.org/ External links [ ] sister projects Data Science: Data to Insights from MIT (machine learning) International Machine Learning Society v t e Culture and the arts Geography and places Health and fitness History and events Mathematics and logic Natural and physical sciences People and self Philosophy and thinking Religion and belief systems Society and social sciences Technology and applied sciences Machine learning Artificial intelligence Data mining Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Languages 한국어 Tiếng Việt Edit links
This page was last edited on 15 August 2017, at 10:11. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewMachine Learning Offers a Path to Deeper Insight
USA (English)
Sign In
Recent Searches Remember me Safari Chrome IE Firefox Machine Learning Offers a Path to Deeper Insight Your Path to Deeper Insight Machine learning is becoming faster and more accessible. Our customers are using massive data sets to build smarter cities, power intelligent cars, and deliver personalized medicine…and that is just the beginning. As a Scientific Community, We Are Just Beginning to Understand the Potential of Machine Learning Data scientists, developers, and researchers are using machine learning to gain insights previously out of reach. Programs that learn from experience are helping them discover how the human genome works, understand consumer behavior to a degree never before possible, and build systems for purchase recommendations, image recognition, and fraud prevention, among other uses. Now you can scale your machine learning and deep learning applications quickly – and gain insights more efficiently – with your existing hardware infrastructure. Popular open frameworks newly optimized for Intel, together with our advanced math libraries, make Intel® Architecture-based platforms a smart choice for these projects. Learn more about machine learning › The Race for Faster Machine Learning Big speed jumps like those Intel is seeing in performance on specific algorithms are rarely possible in the traditional high-performance computing world, where problems are well-defined and optimization work has already been happening for many years. Machine learning algorithms still have room for improvement. Andrey Nikolaev, a software architect on the team in Russia, says that at given times, it appears that he and his colleagues have optimized an algorithm to the maximum extent possible. “Then tomorrow we will understand—or someone will come to us and show us—how we can make it faster,” he says. “Optimization is something you can do forever.” Explore more › Open-Source Resources for Developers The popular open-source development framework for image recognition is now optimized for Intel® Architecture. Learn how to install Caffe* Get the framework The Python library designed to help write deep learning models is now optimized for Intel® Architecture. Getting started with Theano* Visit the library Apache Spark* MLlib, the open-source data processing framework’s machine learning library, now includes Intel® Architecture support. Build faster applications Get the library Intel’s open-source Trusted Analytics Platform provides prebuilt machine learning functions, making it easier to build public and private cloud analytics apps. Watch the webinar Learn more Software Developer Resources from Intel Tools, techniques, and frameworks that boost machine learning performance on Intel® Architecture. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone A high-performance library with assets to help accelerate math processing routines and increase application performance. Get the library Learn more about Intel® MKL Highly optimized library that helps speed big data analytics by providing algorithmic building blocks for all data analysis stages and for offline, streaming, and distributed analytics usages. Learn more about Intel® DAAL Open-source options for Intel® DAAL Technical resources and free training that help developers deliver multi-level parallel performance that scales. Access Intel® Modern Code Machine Learning Products from Intel High throughput scoring on existing server class infrastructure. Learn more Achieve shorter time to train deep neural networks on robust, scalable infrastructure. Learn more Resources for Researchers Showcases the collaboration between Intel and university researchers. Visit the showcase Select software development products and user forum support for qualified students, educators, academic researchers, and open-source contributors. Get the free tools See the latest developments in efficient computing, immersive experiences, transportation, and other leading research areas. Learn more about Intel Labs Intel IT Peer Network Learn how Intel is moving machine learning from an academic pursuit to a driver of innovation. Read more As data volumes grow, so does the need for scalable systems that use machine learning to train complex models. Read more Discover how machine learning and advanced analytics can increase your competitive advantage. Read more At Intel, we are excited about the potential of AI to transform our world in amazing new ways. Read more
© Intel CorporationMachine Learning — OpenCV-Python Tutorials 1 documentation
Introduction to OpenCV Gui Features in OpenCV Core Operations Image Processing in OpenCV Feature Detection and Description Video Analysis Camera Calibration and 3D Reconstruction K-Nearest Neighbour Support Vector Machines (SVM) K-Means Clustering Computational Photography Object Detection OpenCV-Python Bindings Machine Learning K-Nearest Neighbour K-Nearest Neighbour Learn to use kNN for classification
Plus learn about handwritten digit recognition using kNN Support Vector Machines (SVM) Support Vector Machines (SVM) Understand concepts of SVM K-Means Clustering K-Means Clustering Learn to use K-Means Clustering to group data to a number of clusters.
Plus learn to do color quantization using K-Means Clustering
Read the DocsMicrosoft Azure Machine Learning Studio
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Cortana Intelligence Gallery Cortana Intelligence Gallery Help Search Help Content x Search help content ↗ Forums Machine Learning Forums
Provide feedback and request features
Feedback Submit Feedback x Send a smile Send a frown 1000 NEW! Use the studio to build and publish your experiments Contribute to the community Complete reference of all modules you can insert into your experiment and scoring workflow Ask a question or check out video tutorials, blogs, and whitepapers from our experts Take a quick tour of the Azure ML Studio features. Get, upload, and save data to your workspace. Clean, transform, and normalize your data. Learn the steps required for building, scoring and evaluating a predictive model. Publish and stage your predictive model as an Azure-based service.The evolution of machine learning
|
TechCrunch
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Let us know. Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines Gadgets Interviews News Reviews TC Features TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Battlefield Africa Battlefield Australia Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES Amazon Tesla Microsoft Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search Search Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Disrupt SF A typical day for researchers on Google’s Brain Team The AI ecosystem to be on display at Disrupt SF Facebook is the latest tech giant to hunt for AI talent in Canada Browse more... Twitter says a now-fixed bug allowed ad campaigns to target users with derogatory terms A typical day for researchers on Google’s Brain Team US election agency seeks views on rule change for digital ad platforms Browse more... Alphabet is reportedly mulling a $1B investment in Lyft Africa Roundup: eBay expands, Google CEO visits Lagos,
Ghana enters space Crunch Report | China’s Central Bank Puts a Ban on ICOs Browse more... Twitter says a now-fixed bug allowed ad campaigns to target users with derogatory terms US election agency seeks views on rule change for digital ad platforms Europe says ‘all options on table’ for taxing tech giants Browse more... Facebook and Microsoft collaborate to simplify conversions from PyTorch to Caffe2 Google’s Transformer solves a tricky problem in machine translation Documents detail DeepMind’s plan to apply AI to NHS data in 2015 Browse more... Crunch Network The evolution of machine learning
Catherine Dong Contributor They’re pouring resources and attention into convincing the world that the machine intelligence revolution is arriving now. They tout deep learning, in particular, as the breakthrough driving this transformation and powering new self-driving cars, virtual assistants and more. Software engineers and data scientists working with machine learning still use many of the same algorithms and engineering tools they did years ago. Large tech companies have recently started to use their own centralized platforms for machine learning engineering, which more cleanly tie together the previously scattered workflows of data scientists and engineers. What goes into a machine learning sandwich Machine learning engineering happens in three stages — data processing, model building and deployment and monitoring. In the middle we have the meat of the pipeline, the model, which is the machine learning algorithm that learns to predict given input data. That model is where “deep learning” would live. Deep learning is a subcategory of machine learning algorithms that use multi-layered neural networks to learn complex relationships between inputs and outputs. The more layers in the neural network, the more complexity it can capture. Traditional statistical machine learning algorithms (i.e. ones that do not use deep neural nets) have a more limited capacity to capture information about training data. But these more basic machine learning algorithms work well enough for many applications, making the additional complexity of deep learning models often superfluous. So we still see software engineers using these traditional models extensively in machine learning engineering — even in the midst of this deep learning craze. But the bread of the sandwich process that holds everything together is what happens before and after training the machine learning model. The first stage involves cleaning and formatting vast amounts of data to be fed into the model. The last stage involves careful deployment and monitoring of the model. We found that most of the engineering time in AI is not actually spent on building machine learning models — it’s spent preparing and monitoring those models. The meat of machine learning — and avoiding exotic flavors Despite the focus on deep learning at the big tech company AI research labs, most applications of machine learning at these same companies do not rely on neural networks and instead use traditional machine learning models. The most common models include linear/logistic regression, random forests and boosted decision trees. These are the models behind, among other services tech companies use, friend suggestions, ad targeting, user interest prediction, supply/demand simulation and search result ranking. And some of the tools engineers use to train these models are similarly well-worn. One of the most commonly used machine learning libraries is scikit-learn, which was released a decade ago (although Google’s TensorFlow is on the rise). With traditional machine learning models, the time engineers spend on model training and tuning is relatively short — usually just a few hours. Ultimately, if the accuracy improvements that deep learning can achieve are modest, the need for scalability and development speed outweighs their value. Attempting to stick it all together — tools from data to deployment The first stage in the machine learning pipeline — data collection and processing — illustrates this. While big companies certainly have big data, data scientists or engineers must clean the data to make it useful — verify and consolidate duplicates from different sources, normalize metrics, design and prove features. At most companies, engineers do this using a combination SQL or Hive queries and Python scripts to aggregate and format up to several million data points from one or more data sources. This often takes several days of frustrating manual labor. Some of this is likely repetitive work, because the process at many companies is decentralized — data scientists or engineers often manipulate data with local scripts or Jupyter Notebooks. However, traditional unit tests — the backbone of traditional software testing — don’t really work with machine learning models, because the correct output of machine learning models isn’t known beforehand. After all, the purpose of machine learning is for the model to learn to make predictions from data without the need for an engineer to specifically code any rules. So instead of unit tests, engineers take a less structured approach: They manually monitor dashboards and program alerts for new models. And shifts in real-world data may make trained models less accurate, so engineers re-train production models on fresh data on a daily to monthly basis, depending on the application. But a lack of machine learning-specific support in the existing engineering infrastructure can create a disconnect between models in development and models in production — normal code is updated much less frequently. Many engineers still rely on rudimentary methods of deploying models to production, like saving a serialized version of the trained model or model weights to a file. Engineers sometimes need to rebuild model prototypes and parts of the data pipeline in a different language or framework, so they work on production infrastructure. Any incompatibility from any stage of the machine learning development process — from data processing to training to deployment to production infrastructure — can introduce error. Making it presentable — the road forward Despite all the emphasis big tech companies have placed on enhancing their products with machine learning, at most companies there are still major challenges and inefficiencies in the process. They still use traditional machine learning models instead of more-advanced deep learning, and still depend on a traditional infrastructure of tools poorly suited to machine learning. Fortunately, with the current focus on AI at these companies, they are investing in specialized tools to make machine learning work better. With these internal tools, or potentially with third-party machine learning platforms that are able to integrate tightly into their existing infrastructures, organizations can realize the potential of AI. A special thank you to Irving Hsu, David Eng, Gideon Mann and the Bloomberg Beta team for their insights. Crunchbase 1998 Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … 2015 Alphabet Inc. is the holding company for Google and several Google entities, including Google X, Google Ventures, Google Capital, Calico, and its Life Sciences efforts.
On Monday, August 10th, 2015, CEO Larry Page announced the operational restructuring effort for Alphabet Inc. to replace Google Inc. as the official publicly-traded entity. He announced that all shares of Google would automatically … Larry Page
Newsletter Subscriptions
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories The latest startup funding announcements Crunch Report Patreon is raising a Series C at $450M | Crunch Report Featured Stories Latest From UK to criminalize re-identifying anonymized personal data CrunchBoard Writer/Editor, Electronics at Consumer Reports (Yonkers, NY 10703, United States) Chief of Staff at WayBetter (New York, NY, United States) Software Engineer
at Wizeline (Guadalajara, México) Senior Producer at Wooga (Berlin, Germany) Sr Engineering Manager - Authentication at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Google+ Google+ LinkedIn LinkedIn Youtube Youtube Pinterest Pinterest Tumblr Tumblr Instagram Instagram StumbleUpon StumbleUpon Feed Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS iOS Android Android Windows 8 Windows 8 Subscribe to
Latest headlines delivered to you daily
© 2013-2017 Oath Inc. All rights reserved.
News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Battlefield Africa Battlefield Australia Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events CrunchbaseThe Hitchhiker’s Guide to Machine Learning in Python
Homepage Follow Homepage Home Dev Design Data Learn to code for free Blocked Unblock Follow Following The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Machine Learning in Python Featuring implementation code, instructional videos, and more The Trend The Goal The Breakdown Linear Regression Logistic Regression Decision Trees Support Vector Machines K-Nearest Neighbors Random Forests K-Means Clustering Principal Components Analysis Housekeeping I’m including this simply because this is one of my pet peeves. Trying to utilize someone else’s code only to find that you need three new packages and the code was run in an older version of your language is incredibly frustrating. Linear Regression Anyways, linear regression is a supervised learning algorithm that predicts an outcome based on continuous features. Linear regression is versatile in the sense that it has the ability to be run on a single variable (simple linear regression) or on many features (multiple linear regression). The way it works is by assigning optimal weights to the variables in order to create a line (ax + b) that will be used to predict output. Check out the video below for a more thorough explanation. Now that you’ve got a grasp on the concepts behind linear regression, let’s go ahead and implement it in Python. Logistic Regression Logistic regression is a supervised classification algorithm and therefore is useful for estimating discrete values. It is typically used for predicting the probability of an event using the logistic function in order to get an output between 0 and 1. Now that you’ve got a grasp on the concepts behind logistic regression, let’s implement it in Python. Decision Trees Decision trees are a form of supervised learning that can be used for both classification and regression purposes. In my experience, they are typically utilized for classification purposes. The model takes in an instance and then goes down the tree, testing significant features against a determined conditional statement. Depending on the result, it will go down to the left or right child branch and onward after that. Typically the most significant features in the process will fall closer to the root of the tree. Now that you know a little more about decision trees and how they work, let’s go ahead and implement one in Python. Support Vector Machines This vector is by default and often visualized as being linear, however this doesn’t have to always be the case. The vector can take a nonlinear form as well if the kernel type is changed from the default type of ‘gaussian’ or linear. There’s much more to be said about SVM, so be sure to look into the instructional video below. Now that you know all about support vector machines, let’s go ahead and implement them in Python. K-Nearest Neighbors Now that you’ve got a grasp on the concepts behind the K-Nearest Neighbors algorithm, let’s implement it in Python. Random Forests Now that know all about what’s going on with random forests, time to implement one in Python. K-Means Clustering Now that know more about K-Means clustering and how it works, let’s implement the algorithm in Python. Principal Components Analysis Now that know more about PCA and how it works, let’s implement the algorithm in Python. Wrapping Things Up This tutorial simply scrapes the surface of all the machine learning algorithms being used out there today. With this being said, I hope some of you will find it helpful on your journey to machine learning mastery. Lastly, be sure to subscribe to my weekly data science newsletter below. Thanks for reading! Machine Learning Data Science Python Programming Tech Blocked Unblock Follow Following Conor Dewey Data Scientist & Aspiring Entrepreneur Follow freeCodeCamp Our community publishes stories worth reading on development, design, and data science. Share Get updates Get updatesThe Top 10 AI And Machine Learning Use Cases Everyone Should Know About
Log In The Top 10 AI And Machine Learning Use Cases Everyone Should Know About ,
Contributor Machine learning is a buzzword in the technology world right now, and for good reason: It represents a major step forward in how computers can learn. Very basically, a machine learning algorithm is given a “teaching set” of data, then asked to use that data to answer a question. For example, you might provide a computer a teaching set of photographs, some of which say, “this is a cat” and some of which say, “this is not a cat.” Then you could show the computer a series of new photos and it would begin to identify which photos were of cats. Machine learning then continues to add to its teaching set. Every photo that it identifies — correctly or incorrectly — gets added to the teaching set, and the program effectively gets “smarter” and better at completing its task over time. It is, in effect, learning.
If you’ve flown on an airplane or attended a big public event lately, you almost certainly had to wait in long security screening lines. But machine learning is proving that it can be an asset to help eliminate false alarms and spot things human screeners might miss in security screenings at airports, stadiums, concerts, and other venues. That can speed up the process significantly and ensure safer events. Many people are eager to be able to predict what the stock markets will do on any given day — for obvious reasons. But machine learning algorithms are getting closer all the time. Many prestigious trading firms use proprietary systems to predict and execute trades at high speeds and high volume. Many of these rely on probabilities, but even a trade with a relatively low probability, at a high enough volume or speed, can turn huge profits for the firms. And humans can’t possibly compete with machines when it comes to consuming vast quantities of data or the speed with which they can execute a trade. Source: Shutterstock You’re probably familiar with this use if you use services like Amazon or Netflix. Intelligent machine learning algorithms analyze your activity and compare it to the millions of other users to determine what you might like to buy or binge watch next. These recommendations are getting smarter all the time, recognizing, for example, that you might purchase certain things as gifts (and not want the item yourself) or that there might be different family members who have different TV preferences. Perhaps the most famous use of machine learning, Google and its competitors are constantly improving what the search engine understands. Every time you execute a search on Google, the program watches how you respond to the results. If you click the top result and stay on that web page, we can assume you got the information you were looking for and the search was a success.  If, on the other hand, you click to the second page of results, or type in a new search string without clicking any of the results, we can surmise that the search engine didn’t serve up the results you wanted — and the program can learn from that mistake to deliver a better result in the future. NLP is being used in all sorts of exciting applications across disciplines. Machine learning algorithms with natural language can stand in for customer service agents and more quickly route customers to the information they need. It’s being used to translate obscure legalese in contracts into plain language and help attorneys sort through large volumes of information to prepare for a case.What Is Machine Learning - A Complete Beginner's Guide In 2017
Log In What Is Machine Learning - A Complete Beginner's Guide In 2017 ,
Contributor Computers have helped us to calculate the vastness of space and the minute details of subatomic particles. When it comes to counting and calculating, or following logical yes/no algorithms – computers outperform humans thanks to the electrons moving through their circuitry at the speed of light. But we generally don’t consider them as “intelligent” because, traditionally, computers haven’t been able to do anything themselves, without being taught (programmed) by us first. So far, even if a computer had access to all of the information in the world it couldn’t do anything “smart” with it. It could find us a picture of a cat – but only because we had told it that certain pictures contain cats. In other words, ask it to find a picture of a cat and it will return with a picture which it has been told is of a cat. This has several implications which limit its helpfulness – not least that a large amount of human time has to be spent telling it what every picture contains. The data (pictures) need to pass through a human bottleneck, where they are labelled, before the computer can, with lightning-quick precision, identify it as a cat picture and show it to us when we request it. While this works well enough if we are just searching for cat pictures on Google to pass our time, if we want to do something more advanced – such as monitor a live video feed and tell us when a cat wanders in front of the camera – it’s not so great.
How did machine learning come about? Shutterstock As knowledge – something to draw insight from and a basis for making decisions – is deeply integral to learning, these early computers were severely handicapped due to the lack of data at their disposal. Without all of the digital technology we have today to capture and store information from the analogue world, machines could only learn from data slowly inputted through punch cards and, later, magnetic tapes and storage.What Is The Difference Between Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning?
Log In What Is The Difference Between Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning? ,
Contributor They are not quite the same thing, but the perception that they are can sometimes lead to some confusion. So I thought it would be worth writing a piece to explain the difference. In short, the best answer is that: Artificial Intelligence is the broader concept of machines being able to carry out tasks in a way that we would consider “smart”. And, Machine Learning is a current application of AI based around the idea that we should really just be able to give machines access to data and let them learn for themselves.
Early Days As technology, and, importantly, our understanding of how our minds work, has progressed, our concept of what constitutes AI has changed. Rather than increasingly complex calculations, work in the field of AI concentrated on mimicking human decision making processes and carrying out tasks in ever more human ways. Artificial Intelligences – devices designed to act intelligently – are often classified into one of two fundamental groups – applied or general. Applied AI is far more common – systems designed to intelligently trade stocks and shares, or manoeuvre an autonomous vehicle would fall into this category. Neural Networks - Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning (Source: Shutterstock) Generalized AIs – systems or devices which can in theory handle any task – are less common, but this is where some of the most exciting advancements are happening today. It is also the area that has led to the development of Machine Learning. Often referred to as a subset of AI, it’s really more accurate to think of it as the current state-of-the-art. The Rise of Machine Learning  Two important breakthroughs led to the emergence of Machine Learning as the vehicle which is driving AI development forward with the speed it currently has.A Beginner’s Guide to AI/ML 🤖👶 – Machine Learning for Humans – Medium
Homepage Machine Learning for Humans Follow Homepage Blocked Unblock Follow Following Machine Learning for Humans🤖👶 Simple, plain-English explanations accompanied by math, code, and real-world examples. Roadmap Who should read this? Technical people who want to get up to speed on machine learning quickly Non-technical people who want a primer on machine learning and are willing to engage with technical concepts Anyone who is curious about how machines think This guide is intended to be accessible to anyone. Basic concepts in probability, statistics, programming, linear algebra, and calculus will be discussed, but it isn’t necessary to have prior knowledge of them to gain value from this series. Why machine learning matters Artificial intelligence will shape our future more powerfully than any other innovation this century. Anyone who does not understand it will soon find themselves feeling left behind, waking up in a world full of technology that feels more and more like magic. In 2015, Google trained a conversational agent (AI) that could not only convincingly interact with humans as a tech support helpdesk, but also discuss morality, express opinions, and answer general facts-based questions. Just a few days ago (as of this writing), on August 11, 2017, OpenAI reached yet another incredible milestone by defeating the world’s top professionals in 1v1 matches of the online multiplayer game Dota 2. Much of our day-to-day technology is powered by artificial intelligence. Point your camera at the menu during your next trip to Taiwan and the restaurant’s selections will magically appear in English via the Google Translate app. In everyday life, it’s increasingly commonplace to discover machines in roles traditionally occupied by humans. Really, don’t be surprised if a little housekeeping delivery bot shows up instead of a human next time you call the hotel desk to send up some toothpaste. In this series, we’ll explore the core machine learning concepts behind these technologies. By the end, you should be able to describe how they work at a conceptual level and be equipped with the tools to start building similar applications yourself. The semantic tree: artificial intelligence and machine learning Strong AI will change our world forever; to understand how, studying machine learning is a good place to start Machine learning is at the core of our journey towards artificial general intelligence, and in the meantime, it will change every industry and have a massive impact on our day-to-day lives. That’s why we believe it’s worth understanding machine learning, at least at a conceptual level — and we designed this series to be the best place to start. How to read this series You don’t necessarily need to read the series cover-to-cover to get value out of it. Here are three suggestions on how to approach it, depending on your interests and how much time you have: About the authors Most of this series was written during a 10-day trip to the United Kingdom in a frantic blur of trains, planes, cafes, pubs and wherever else we could find a dry place to sit. Our aim was to solidify our own understanding of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and how the methods therein fit together — and hopefully create something worth sharing in the process. Part 2.1: Supervised Learning Part 2.2: Supervised Learning II Part 2.3: Supervised Learning III Part 3: Unsupervised Learning Part 4: Neural Networks & Deep Learning Part 5: Reinforcement Learning Appendix: The Best Machine Learning Resources Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Deep Learning Reinforcement Learning Tech Blocked Unblock Follow Following Vishal Maini Follow Machine Learning for Humans Demystifying artificial intelligence & machine learning. Discussions on safe and intentional application of AI for positive social impact. Share Get updates Get updatesCMU -
Machine Learning Department -
School of Computer Science - Carnegie Mellon University
Search Search this site only Machine Learning Department School of Computer Science 'FACE' Exhibition Features Machine Learning Collaborations Eunsu Kang Presents Artwork Generated by MMDGAN (Maximum Mean Discrepancy Generative Adversarial Network) ACM Recognizes 2016 Fellows Uptake Donates $1 Million for "Machine Learning for Good" Steve Hanneke Wins 2017 ICML Test of Time Honorable Mention
Upcoming MLD Events Follow Us Recent Event Highlights What is Machine Learning (ML)? Legal Info www.cmu.edu © 2016 Carnegie Mellon University © 2016 Carnegie Mellon University