Breakthrough Prize
Breakthrough Prize Board Trophy Events Nominations News Contacts Committee Prizes Laureates Rules Mathematics “All is number,” taught Pythagoras. Though modern mathematics encompasses far more than numbers alone, the principle remains true. Mathematics is the universal language of nature. Math is also fundamental to the growth of knowledge, as it is the scaffolding that supports all the sciences. Its relationship to physics is particularly intimate. From imaginary numbers to Hilbert spaces, what once seemed pure abstractions have turned out to underlie real physical processes. In addition, all fields in the life sciences today utilize the power of statistical and computational approaches to research. The Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics rewards significant discoveries across the many branches of the subject. The prize was founded by Mark Zuckerberg and Yuri Milner and announced at the 2014 Breakthrough Prize ceremony. Breakthrough Initiatives Breakthrough Junior Challenge Board Trophy Events Nominations News Contacts Subscribe YouTube Facebook TwitterAncient Indian mathematical document earliest known use of zero, carbon dating reveals - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Open menu ABC Home News iview TV Radio Kids Shop More Search News Home Just In Australia World Business Sport Science Arts Analysis Fact Check Programs More Email Ancient Indian mathematical document earliest known use of zero, carbon dating reveals
September 15, 2017 18:42:14
(Supplied: Bodleian Libraries) Ancient Indians were using a symbol for zero centuries earlier than historians previously thought, new research in the United Kingdom has revealed. Carbon dating performed by researchers at Oxford University on the Bakhshali manuscript, an ancient mathematical document, resulted in the unexpected discovery it originated in the third or fourth century. Inscribed on 70 pieces of birch bark, the Bakhshali manuscript contains hundreds of zeroes, and was first found by a farmer in 1881 in what is now Pakistan, before being taken to the UK. It is particularly significant because it is only in India that the symbol, conveyed as a black dot, developed into a number in its own right — the hollow circle we use today. Marcus du Sautoy, a professor of mathematics at Oxford University, said the manuscript shows Indians were using the concept of zero long before other civilisations. "[The Bakhshali manuscript] isn't theoretical text. It seems to be a practical document being used by merchants to do calculations," Professor du Sautoy said. "I'm absolutely staggered to find this is way earlier. We're talking about, having carbon dated this, this manuscript is between 200 and 400 AD." (Supplied: Bodleian Libraries)
Radiocarbon dating has now revealed it was written about 500 years earlier than scholars previously believed. "Today we take it for granted that the concept of zero is used across the globe and is a key building block of the digital world," Professor du Sautoy said. "But the creation of zero as a number in its own right, which evolved from the placeholder dot symbol found in the Bakhshali manuscript, was one of the greatest breakthroughs in the history of mathematics." Zero fundamental concept to mathematics Adam Spencer, the University of Sydney's mathematics ambassador, said zero historically has filled two roles — as a numerical symbol and as a mathematical concept. "Historically in mathematics, these are two quite different things. Zero as a symbol, how do you write 37 and 3,007 as different numbers," Mr Spencer said. "Some civilisations didn't have a symbol, they just left a space. But that gets really confusing — 307 looks like 3,007 etcetera. So different communities eventually stumbled upon the idea of a symbol for the number zero." (Supplied: Bodleian Libraries)
But the Indian use of a dot and the subsequent use of the mathematical concept of zero, or how we quantify nothing, opened up a world of mathematical discoveries. "This caused real philosophical problems for example with the Greeks, and many cultures are said to have almost thought it was heretical to talk about the concept of zero as a number," Mr Spencer said. "For something so trivial, zero was at centre of so many important parts of mathematics. People who did calculus in high school remember derivatives, the consequence of the infinitely small going to zero underpins all of calculus. "Computer code at its most basic is nothing but zeros and ones. And now as we confront quantum theories, we face really deep questions of can a space have absolutely nothing in it? Zero is everywhere." Contact David Coady
More Top Stories (photos) Connect with ABC News Got a news tip? News in your inbox Top headlines, analysis, breaking alerts Features
Emmys 2017 nominees The full list of the 2017 Emmys nominees
Carnaby's cockatoo haven
By Aaron Fernandes When a WA man dragged a hollow log on to the roof of his farmhouse and strapped it to the chimney with old fencing wire, he hoped endangered cockatoos would come home to roost.
Shot by the same bullet that killed his friend in slum attack
By Declan Cooley Residents of Nigeria's Otodo Gbame fled for their lives when their shanty town was set ablaze to make way for redevelopment.
Syrian football team providing hope The Socceroos will go into their two-match World-Cup playoff against Syria next month — a team providing a beacon of hope for a nation burdened by civil war. Top Stories Just In Most Popular Analysis & Opinion Site Map Sections ABC News Just In Australia World Business Entertainment Sport Analysis & Opinion Weather Topics Archive Corrections & Clarifications Local Weather Sydney Weather Melbourne Weather Adelaide Weather Brisbane Weather Perth Weather Hobart Weather Darwin Weather Canberra Weather Local News Sydney News Melbourne News Adelaide News Brisbane News Perth News Hobart News Darwin News Canberra News Media Video Audio Photos Subscribe Podcasts RSS Feeds NewsMail Connect Upload Contact Us Suggest a Contributor Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact UsAnnals of Mathematics | Annals of Mathematics, Journal
Home About Editorial Board Submission Guidelines Subscriptions Contact Welcome to Annals of MathematicsKSU’s College of Science and Mathematics recognizes 2017 Birla Carbon scholars | Local News | tribuneledgernews.com
Submit News Submit Letter Retail Advertising Cherokee Archives Subscribe Today Customer Service 81° Plenty of sunshine. High 86F. Winds light and variable.. A clear sky. Low 61F. Winds light and variable. Toggle navigation Search Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition News Crime Education Business State & National Ledger Request Free Home Delivery Opinion Law and order Restaurant reports Soapbox Sports Today's Sports Cherokee HS Creekview HS Etowah HS River Ridge HS Sequoyah HS Woodstock HS Reinhardt Braves Opinion Tribune Opinion Ledger-News Opinion Submit Ledger-News Letter to Editor Submit Tribune Letter to Editor Submit Ledger-News Soapbox Lifestyle Cherokee Lifestyle Young Cherokee Religion Obituaries Legals Notices Classifieds e-Edition Close
KSU’s College of Science and Mathematics recognizes 2017 Birla Carbon scholars
Staff reports Staff reports Updated
0 Kennesaw State University senior and Kennesaw resident Rebecca Webster’s research project on the parasitic Harper’s Dodder (Cuscuta harperi) plant’s ability to select certain plant hosts based on smell won the Top Poster Award at the Birla Carbon Symposium, at which the College of Science and Mathematics (CSM) officially recognized 10 new Birla Carbon Scholars. The scholarship program is designed to provide 10 KSU students with $4,000 stipends for summer research in science and mathematics. Each student scholar works side-by-side with a faculty researcher on a project, which deals with topics ranging from radio cesium soil contamination to the evolution of appendages. “Many of our students are not able to explore summer research programs because they must work full time between the spring and fall semesters,” said CSM Dean Mark Anderson. “This stipend allows them time and financial freedom to expand their research skills outside of the classroom and continue Kennesaw State's tradition of academic excellence.” Birla Carbon’s North American region chief technology officer Dale Clark and Birla Carbon Scholars director of human resources Terence Norman along with several judges from Birla Carbon, reviewed posters summarizing the students’ research on display in the Carmichael Student Center’s University Rooms on the Kennesaw Campus. “Without students willing to do this kind of work, this partnership between Birla Carbon and Kennesaw State University would not be possible,” said Clark. “Like us, you share a passion to learn, to do research and to innovate.” The event marked the fourth year of a five-year partnership with Birla Carbon, which has allowed the college’s 10 Birla Carbon Scholars to participate in summer research opportunities. Clark said four KSU graduates are currently working at the firm’s Marietta lab and technology center with a fifth graduate starting to work soon. The scholars program was developed in April 2014 with a $250,000 pledge from Birla Carbon for a five-year annual gift of $50,000 to support research opportunities for students in KSU’s CSM. The program has awarded 40 KSU students each a $4,000 stipend since 2014. “These are all very impressive projects that the students were given the opportunity to work on full time, thanks to the generous support of Birla Carbon,” Anderson said. Webster took the top prize for her research into how the parasitic Harper’s Dodder plant selects its host based on its smell. “These dodder plants are a huge agricultural pest, and they really like tomato plants, onions and alfalfa,” she said. “Not a lot is known about this foraging behavior in the Dodders. So, I wanted to try to find out which genes are involved.” Webster, who is originally from Colombia, plans to graduate this spring and may work for a year in international conservation before pursuing graduate studies. “The most amazing thing about this plant is its ability to smell other plants,” she said. “I’m trying to identify the particular genes that are responsible for this behavior.” This summer, she worked beside her faculty mentor, assistant professor of Biology Joel McNeal, in the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Organismal Biology. “Rebecca’s great, very bright and very industrious,” McNeal said. “Even before she began her research, she wanted to read every related paper on the subject.” Along with the $4,000 stipend each scholar received, Webster received an additional $2,000 in travel funds to present her research at a national or regional conference of her choice. Anderson provided the group with an update on the past three Birla Carbon Top Poster Award winners. “Our first symposium winner was Sam Keenan, who is now in medical school in Tennessee. The winner of the 2015 Symposium, Eric Gabilondo, graduated from KSU in Fall 2016 with plans to pursue a Ph.D. in physical chemistry or chemical physics,” said Anderson. “And the winner of the 2016 Symposium, Katerina Slavicinska, presented research at the 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting and Exposition in San Francisco. Katerina plans to pursue graduate studies in either astrochemistry or astrobiology.” This year’s scholars and their faculty mentors were: ♦Kaylee Bronson, mentored by Martin Hudson ♦Neil Dodd, mentored by Heather Abbott-Lyon ♦Ian Duncan, mentored by Heather Sutton ♦Reagan Hooper, mentored by Daniela Tapu ♦Beryl Khakina, mentored by Susan Smith ♦Kaveh Kiani, mentored by Anton Bryantsev ♦Hayley Milner, mentored by Scott Nowak ♦Kevin Patel, mentored by Carol Chrestensen ♦Rahiq Rahman, mentored by Donald McGarey ♦Rebecca Webster, mentored by Joel McNeal Applicants for the annual scholarship must be freshmen, sophomores or juniors during the spring semester in which they apply for the program and have a minimum 3.0 GPA. In addition to the scholars program, funds from the Birla Carbon gift will be used to provide research supplies needed for faculty assisting students and supplies needed for the end-of-the-term symposium. Birla Carbon is the world’s largest manufacturer of carbon black, which is used to make everything from tires to plastics to electronics. It is a flagship business of the $41 billion Aditya Birla Group, a multinational conglomerate based in Mumbai, India. Birla Carbon's Technology Laboratories are located in Marietta and Mumbai.
as Anonymous Commenter [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] * Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Start watching Stop watching Welcome to the discussion. Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Home Local News Sports Opinion Cherokee Lifestyle Obituaries Legal Notices Online Features Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Purchase Photos and Reprints Submit News Terms of Use Request Advertising Information Place a Wedding/Engagement/Anniversary AnnouncementIMAPP - Institute for Mathematics, Astrophysics and Particle Physics (UK)
Institute for Mathematics, Astrophysics and Particle Physics Contact Nederlands Search Home Vacancies This department focuses on three interdisciplinary themes, Mathematical Physics, Algebra & Topology and Applied Stochastics. Researchers in this department focus on observational and theoretical research in the area of astronomy. Our experimentalists carry out and analyze experiments in elementary particle physics at the smallest distance and the highest mass scales attainable. Our theorists explore matter and gravity beyond the standard model, and investigate the quantum nature of spacetime at the very shortest scale. The overarching research theme is the origin and evolution of the universe and its underlying mathematical structures. The Institute is also actively engaged in outreach. Departments High Energy Physics Colloquia, Seminars 19 September 2017,Guus Regts (University of Amsterdam) Geometry Seminar: September 20, 2017 Wednesday 20 September 16:00 in HG03.085, Ole Warnaar (University of Queensland): "A group theoretic approach to combinatorial identities" Quantum Gravity Seminar:September 15, 2017 Friday, September 15, 2017 (14.00h - HG02.802): Renate Loll (RU): "Quantum Ricci curvature" Applied Stochastics Seminar: September 19, 2017 Applied Stochastics Seminar: July 12, 2017 Wednesday July 12 2017, 13:00 - 14:00 in HG00.062, Jerrold R. Griggs (University of South Carolina) News Veni for Patricia Schmidt Astrophysics Postdoc Patricia Schmidt is one of the fourteen Radboud researchers that has been awarded a NWO-veni grant. NWO Veni grant for Dr. Arne Smeets Arne Smeets obtained a NWO Veni grant for the project "Good bad reduction". Techniek Toernooi 2017 NWO subsidie voor niet-commutatieve meetkunde NWO subsidie voor niet-commutatieve meetkunde. Walter van Suijlekom succesvol met vernieuwend onderzoek. Events PhD defenses IMAPP Board IMAPP Departments Homepage Astrophyics Homepage Mathematics Homepage High Energy Physics Visiting address Postal address Contact How to get thereLists of mathematics topics - Wikipedia
Lists of mathematics topics Lists Outline Portal Categories v t e Contents 1 Areas of basic mathematics 2 Areas of advanced mathematics 2.1 Pure mathematics 2.1.1 Algebra 2.1.2 Calculus and analysis 2.1.3 Geometry and topology 2.1.4 Combinatorics 2.1.5 Logic 2.1.6 Number theory 2.2 Applied mathematics 2.2.1 Dynamical systems and differential equations 2.2.2 Mathematical physics 2.2.3 Computation 2.2.4 Information theory and signal processing 2.2.5 Probability and statistics 2.2.6 Game theory 2.2.7 Operations research 3 Methodology 4 Mathematical statements 5 General concepts 6 Mathematical objects 7 Equations named after people 8 About mathematics 8.1 Mathematicians 8.2 Work of particular mathematicians 9 Reference tables 9.1 Integrals 10 Journals 11 Meta-lists 12 Others 13 Notes 14 External links and references Areas of basic mathematics [ ] These lists include topics typically taught in secondary education or in the first year of university. Outline of discrete mathematics List of calculus topics Outline of geometry Outline of trigonometry List of trigonometric identities List of topics in logic Areas of advanced mathematics [ ] As a rough guide this list is divided into pure and applied sections although in reality these branches are overlapping and intertwined. Pure mathematics [ ] Algebra [ ] Outline of algebra List of abstract algebra topics List of algebraic structures List of Boolean algebra topics List of category theory topics List of commutative algebra topics List of homological algebra topics List of group theory topics List of representation theory topics List of linear algebra topics List of reciprocity laws Glossary of field theory Glossary of group theory Glossary of linear algebra Glossary of ring theory List of cohomology theories Calculus and analysis [ ] List of complex analysis topics List of vector spaces in mathematics List of integration and measure theory topics List of Fourier analysis topics List of multivariable calculus topics List of q-analogs List of real analysis topics List of variational topics Glossary of tensor theory List of mathematical series Geometry and topology [ ] List of geometry topics List of geometric shapes List of curves topics List of triangle topics List of topics related to pi List of general topology topics List of differential geometry topics List of algebraic surfaces List of cohomology theories List of geometric topology topics List of knot theory topics List of Lie group topics Glossary of differential geometry and topology Glossary of general topology List of mathematical properties of points Glossary of Riemannian and metric geometry Glossary of scheme theory Combinatorics [ ] Outline of combinatorics List of graph theory topics Glossary of graph theory Logic [ ] List of Boolean algebra topics List of first-order theories List of large cardinal properties List of mathematical logic topics Glossary of order theory List of set theory topics Number theory [ ] List of algebraic number theory topics List of number theory topics List of recreational number theory topics Glossary of arithmetic and Diophantine geometry List of zeta functions Applied mathematics [ ] Dynamical systems and differential equations [ ] List of dynamical systems and differential equations topics List of partial differential equation topics List of nonlinear partial differential equations Mathematical physics [ ] List of mathematical topics in classical mechanics List of mathematical topics in quantum theory List of mathematical topics in relativity List of string theory topics Index of wave articles Computation [ ] List of algorithm general topics List of computability and complexity topics List of combinatorial computational geometry topics List of computer graphics and descriptive geometry topics List of numerical computational geometry topics List of computer vision topics List of formal language and literal string topics List of numerical analysis topics List of terms relating to algorithms and data structures Information theory and signal processing [ ] List of information theory topics List of algebraic coding theory topics List of cryptography topics Probability and statistics [ ] List of probability topics List of stochastic processes topics List of probability distributions Catalog of articles in probability theory List of statistics topics Outline of regression analysis Game theory [ ] Glossary of game theory List of games in game theory Operations research [ ] List of network theory topics List of knapsack problems Methodology [ ] List of graphical methods List of mathematics-based methods List of rules of inference Mathematical statements [ ] List of algorithms List of axioms Combinatorial principles List of equations List of formulae involving pi List of mathematical identities List of inequalities List of lemmas List of mathematical proofs General concepts [ ] List of convexity topics List of dualities List of exceptional set concepts List of exponential topics List of factorial and binomial topics List of fractal topics List of logarithm topics List of numeral system topics List of order topics List of partition topics List of polynomial topics List of properties of sets of reals List of transforms List of permutation topics Mathematical objects [ ] Among mathematical objects are numbers, functions, sets, a great variety of things called "spaces" of one kind or another, algebraic structures such as rings, groups, or fields, and many other things. List of mathematical examples List of curves List of complex reflection groups List of complexity classes List of examples in general topology List of finite simple groups List of Fourier-related transforms List of mathematical functions List of mathematical knots and links List of manifolds List of mathematical shapes List of matrices List of numbers List of polygons, polyhedra and polytopes List of regular polytopes List of simple Lie groups List of small groups List of special functions and eponyms List of algebraic surfaces List of surfaces Table of Lie groups Equations named after people [ ] Scientific equations named after people About mathematics [ ] List of mathematical societies List of letters used in mathematics and science List of mathematics competitions List of mathematics history topics List of publications in mathematics Mathematicians [ ] List of geometers List of logicians List of game theorists List of mathematicians List of mathematical probabilists List of statisticians Work of particular mathematicians [ ] List of things named after Niels Henrik Abel List of things named after Archimedes List of things named after Emil Artin List of things named after Thomas Bayes List of things named after Élie Cartan List of things named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy List of things named after Arthur Cayley List of things named after Richard Dedekind List of things named after Pierre Deligne List of things named after Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet List of things named after Albert Einstein List of things named after Euclid List of things named after Leonhard Euler List of things named after Paul Erdős List of things named after Fibonacci List of things named after Ferdinand Georg Frobenius List of things named after Carl Friedrich Gauss List of things named after Évariste Galois List of things named after Jacques Hadamard List of things named after Erich Hecke List of things named after Eduard Heine List of things named after Charles Hermite List of things named after W. V. D. Hodge List of things named after Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi List of things named after Felix Klein List of things named after Joseph-Louis Lagrange List of things named after Pierre-Simon Laplace List of things named after Adrien-Marie Legendre List of things named after Gottfried Leibniz List of things named after John Milnor List of things named after Henri Poincaré List of things named after Siméon Denis Poisson List of things named after Pythagoras List of things named after Srinivasa Ramanujan List of things named after Bernhard Riemann List of things named after Jean-Pierre Serre List of things named after James Joseph Sylvester List of things named after Alfred Tarski List of things named after Karl Weierstrass List of things named after André Weil List of things named after Hermann Weyl List of things named after Ernst Witt List of things named after John von Neumann List of things named after Aryabhatta Reference tables [ ] List of mathematical reference tables List of moments of inertia Table of derivatives Integrals [ ] Lists of integrals List of integrals of exponential functions List of integrals of hyperbolic functions List of integrals of inverse hyperbolic functions List of integrals of inverse trigonometric functions List of integrals of irrational functions List of integrals of logarithmic functions List of integrals of rational functions List of integrals of trigonometric functions Journals [ ] List of mathematics journals List of mathematics education journals Category:History of science journals Category:Philosophy of science literature Meta-lists [ ] List of important publications in mathematics List of important publications in statistics List of mathematical theories List of mathematics categories Table of mathematical symbols Table of logic symbols Others [ ] Lists of unsolved problems in mathematics Notes [ ] ^Note 1 External links and references [ ] The Mathematical Atlas v t e outline topic lists elementary linear multilinear abstract Category theory Combinatorics Group theory Computation Control theory Functional analysis Game theory discrete algebraic analytic differential finite Graph theory History of mathematics Information theory Lie theory Mathematics and art Mathematics education Mathematical logic Mathematical physics Mathematical statistics Numerical analysis Optimization Order theory Philosophy of mathematics Philosophy of mathematics education Probability Recreational mathematics Representation theory Set theory Statistics Topology Trigonometry Pure Applied Discrete Computational Mathematics-related lists Lists of lists Wikipedia outlines Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Български Bosanski Հայերեն Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Occitan Polski Português සිංහල Simple English Slovenščina Українська Tiếng Việt Edit links
This page was last edited on 17 September 2017, at 02:13. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewDepartment of Mathematics
Department of Mathematics Website Toggle navigation
Our Department
Location and Building Information
Contact Us
Affiliated Programs
Department History
Current Grants
Display Case
Departmental Pages
Current Faculty
Graduate Faculty
Emeritus Faculty
Research Areas
Graduate Students
Staff
Directory
Faculty Areas of Research
Weekly Seminars and Colloquia
Centers and Institutes
Undergraduate Research Assistantships
Regular Sections
Honors Sections
Individual Studies and 500-level Courses
Common Finals
Course Websites
Undergraduate Special Topics
General Information
Course Placement
Review for Course or Placement
Testing Process
Preparing For Your Exam
Placement Exams FAQ
Get My Placement Scores
Retesting or Proctored Testing
AP & Transfer Credits
Math Transfer Credit Approval Form
For UA Advisors
Contact the Placement Office
Requirements
Procedure
Which Degree?
Trajectories
MA/MS Requirements
PhD Requirements
PhD Minor Requirements
PhD Qualifying Exams
Research Opportunities
Special Topics
RTGs
Recent Grads
Workshops & Conferences
Contact the Graduate Program
Alumni Early Career Profiles
Declaring a Math Major/Minor
Contact Us
Math Center services
Honors
Advising Handouts
Graduate Programs
Career Assistance
Additional Resources
Undergraduate Program Requirements
Undergraduate Teaching Assistants
Potential Research Projects
Participants
Contact the URA Program
University-Level Opportunities
External Opportunities
Activities and Events
Scholarships and Awards
Undergraduate Tutoring
Mathematical Science Cafés
Bartlett Memorial Lecture
Upcoming Outreach Events
Programs
Conferences
Subscribe
Scholarships and Awards
Give
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Outreach Events
Undergraduate Events
Search Events
Weekly Seminars and Colloquia
Departmental Pages
Need Help?
Subscribe!
Give!
UA-TRIPODS The National Science Foundation (NSF) will be providing $17.7 million in funding for 12 Transdisciplinary Research in Principles of Data Science (TRIPODS) projects. The University of Arizona is proud to be one of the recipients for this NSF initiative. STUDENT THINKING ENRICHMENT THROUGH MATHEMATICS MENTORS (STEMM) The Center for Recruitment and Retention of Mathematics Teachers just received a $130,883 grant from the Corporation for National and Community Service and Arizona's Governor's Office for Youth, Faith, and Family. The AmeriCorps grant called STEMM will place 40 UA students in secondary mathematics classrooms to support teachers' student-centered instruction.   ICMA VI, OCTOBER 20-22, 2017 Continuing series of International Conferences on Mathematical Modeling and Analysis of Populations in Biological Systems (ICMA), the 6th (ICMA-VI) will be held at the University of Arizona, hosted by the Department of Mathematics and the Interdisciplinary Program in Applied Mathematics.    UA TO HOST NATIONAL CONFERENCE ON STEM AND HISPANICS The Southwest Conference on Transforming STEM Education in Hispanic-Serving Institutions will be held November 18-20, 2017. The University of Arizona is one of only four institutions selected by the National Science Foundation for this award. CALCULUS KIDS MAKE THE GRADE Six high-achieving high school students are learning vector calculus at the UA thanks to a unique partnership among the UA, the Tucson Unified School District, and the Thomas R. Brown Foundation.   (Image: Stacy Pigott/UANews)   CONGRATULATIONS DAVE GLICKENSTEIN! Dr. Glickenstein has been selected for the newest cohort of the UA Academic Leadership Institute (ALI), which includes 24 of the UA's future campus leaders. ALI gives current and emerging campus leaders opportunities to participate in discussions and workshops to help develop their leadership skills.  Dr. Glickenstein has been selected for the newest cohort of the UA Academic Leadership Institute (ALI), which includes 24 of the UA's future campus leaders. ALI gives current and emerging campus leaders opportunities to participate in discussions and workshops to help develop their leadership skills.  Research Team Develops New Data Corruption and Retention Technology Mohamad Moussa and Professor Marek Rychlik are developing an improved method for mitigating data loss due to faults in the storage medium (disk).   (Image: Taylor Hudson/Tech Launch Arizona) CONGRATULATIONS, TIEP! The Arizona Board of Regents has confirmed the appoinment of Pham Huu Tiep as a Regents' Professor. The title of Regents' Professor is reserved for faculty members whose exceptional achievements merit national and international distinction, and is conferred on no more than 3% of the total number of the University's tenured and tenure track faculty members. Please join us in extending our congratulatory wishes to Tiep on this well-deserved and prestigious honor! Want to Help? The University of Arizona Department of Mathematics appreciates any donations to support its activities. Donors can donate to the department or direct their gifts to specific efforts by identifying a particular program, activity or existing endowment. Welcome! Upcoming Events Homoclinic bifurcations in models of vegetation patterns Tuesday, September 19, 2017,
, Department of Mathematics, University of Arizona TRIPODS Seminar Wednesday, September 20, 2017,
, National Optical Astronomy Observatory Fluctuations of the free energy of spherical Sherrington-Kirkpatrick model Wednesday, September 20, 2017,
, University of Michigan Department of Mathematics, The University of Arizona 617 N. Santa Rita Ave. P.O. Box 210089 Tucson, AZ 85721-0089 USA Voice: (520) 621-6892 Fax: (520) 621-8322 Contact Us © Copyright 2017 Arizona Board of Regents All rights reservedUCB Mathematics | Department of Mathematics at University of California Berkeley
UCB Mathematics News & Announcements Fall 2017 Quantitative Reasoning Exam will be Wed. Aug. 23rd from 5-6:30PM in 939 Evans Hall read more Lin Lin received 2017 Early Career Research Award from the Department of Energy. Congratulations! read more Vera Serganova elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Congratulations! read more Kathryn Mann won 2016 Mary Ellen Rudin Award. Congratulations! read more Spring 2017 Chern-Simons Lectures: Ivan Corwin, Columbia University, April 3-7 read more View More News » Today's Events Featured Faculty A random selection of UC Berkeley Math Faculty members Jung-Uk Lee Visiting Scholar Model theory; arithmetic of nonstandard rational number... Richard E. Borcherds Professor Lie algebras, Vertex algebras, Automorphic forms
Per-Olof Persson Associate Professor Applied Mathematics, Numerical Methods, Computational Fluid... Peter Hintz Miller Research Fellow Mathematical physics, partial differential equations,... Michael J. Klass Professor Probability theory, Combinatorics Kathryn Mann Morrey Visiting Assistant Professor Geometry, topology, dynamics Insuk Seo Morrey Visiting Assistant Professor Probability theory, interacting particle systems,... James
Pitman Professor Probability,
stochastic processes, combinatorics, machine... Chris
Shannon Professor Mathematical economics Haseo Ki Visiting Scholar Number theory; Zeros of L-functions Theodore A. Slaman Professor Recursion theory, mathematical logic Michael Viscardi Postdoc Geometric representation theory; mirror symmetry Alexandru Scorpan Visiting Scholar 4-manifolds, mathematical publishing Michael Pejic Lecturer Mathematical modeling Dmitry Tonkonog Simons Visiting Assistant Professor Symplectic geometry and topology Vera
Serganova Professor Super-representation theory Steven N. Evans Professor Probability and stochastic processes Maciej
Zworski Professor Partial differential equations, Mathematical physics Lauren
Williams Professor Combinatorics, and connections to representation theory,... Hongbin Sun Morrey Visiting Assistant Professor Low dimensional topology and hyperbolic geometry Alexander
Givental Professor Symplectic and contact geometry, Singularity theory,... Alan Hammond Associate Professor Statistical mechanics, studied rigorously via modern... Carol Wood Visiting Scholar Model theory and its interactions with algebra and... Kenneth A. Ribet Professor Algebraic number theory, Algebraic Geometry Sug Woo Shin Associate Professor Number theory, automorphic forms Bernd
Sturmfels Professor Algebraic Geometry, Combinatorics, Optimization and... Mihaela Ifrim Postdoc Nonlinear partial differential equations, fluid dynamics,... Alan
Schoenfeld Affiliated Professor Mathematics education Jeremy Lovejoy Lecturer Number theory and combinatorics Jenny
Harrison Professor Functional analysis, Geometric measure theory, Calculus of... View all Faculty » + Berkeley CalNet Login CalNet Login Cal Central College of Letters & Sciences Computing Support Contact Us Current Semester Courses Department Colloquium Faculty and GSI Office Hours L&S Mathematical and Physical Sciences Mathematics & Statistics Library MSRI Resolving Problems & Complaints Schedule of Classes and Final Exams Seminars Submit New Event UC Berkeley About the Department News & Announcements Submit New Event Department Colloquium Bowen Lectures Chern Lectures DiPerna Lectures MSRI-Evans Lectures Serge Lang Undergraduate Lectures Tarski Lectures Chern-Simons Research Lectures Seminars Workshops and Conferences Cal Day Friends of Berkeley Math Past Commencement Speakers Contact Directions Academic Openings GSI Openings Staff Openings Work-Study Openings Newsletter Archive Past Department Chairs Ansel Adams George Berkeley Jack London John Galbraith In Memoriam Archive In Memoriam All Faculty Senate Faculty Postdocs Visiting Faculty Officers and Committees Staff Graduate Students Past Senate Faculty Past Postdocs Past PhDs Algebra Mathematical Analysis Applied Mathematics Geometry/Topology Mathematical Logic Probability Group in Representation Theory, Geometry and Combinatorics Group in Geometry and Topology Centers General Information Minor Major in Applied Mathematics Major in Mathematics Major with a Teaching Concentration Advising Putnam Competition Student Learning Goals Undergraduate Calendar General Information Masters Program PhD Program Admissions Financial Aid New Arrivals Prelim Exams Choosing Courses Calculus Placement Exam High School Exam Credits Lower Division Course Outlines Honors Courses Course Catalog Descriptions Fall 2017 All Semesters Availability Updates Enrollment Guidelines Concurrent Enrollment Search Courses Tutoring Office Hours Exams Course Announcements Donate Resolving Problems & Complaints Student Groups Mathematics and Statistics Library MSRI Other Affiliates bMail CalCentral Bear Facts Computing Support Building Emergency Plan Departmental Committees Staff Organizational Chart Travel & Entertainment Teaching Resources Dept. of Mathematics • University of
California, Berkeley • 970 Evans Hall #3840 • Berkeley, CA 94720-3840 USA • +1 (510) 642-6550 • +1 (510) 642-8204  (fax) Copyright © 2011–2015 Regents of the University of California Home About People Research Degree Programs Courses Resources Site MapDepartment of Mathematics |
Menu Department of Mathematics Upper Utility Nav About/Contact Us News Computing Mathjobs Search form Algebra and Combinatorics Analysis Biological Modeling Computational Mathematics Geometry: Differential & Algebraic Mathematical Physics Number Theory PDE & Dynamical Systems Physical Modeling Probability Signals, Images, and Data Topology Greater Mathematical Sciences Calculus & Engineering Math Why Study Math? For Math Majors and Minors Math Curious ? Student Research Options Student Social Activities Transfer Credits Study Abroad DUMU (Duke University Math Union) Student Awards Prospective Students Ph.D. Requirements Graduate Program Faculty Graduate Life Current Students AMS Chapter SIAM Chapter All Courses Fall 2017 Spring 2017 Fall 2016 Spring 2016 Fall 2015 Spring 2015 Course Placement Courses for Your Career Path Courses by Math Fields Faculty Visiting Faculty Emeriti All Faculty by Specialty Staff Graduate Students All (Alphabetical, by Rank) Faculty Honors & Awards Events by Week Adventures in Theory Lectures Algebraic Geometry Applied Math & Analysis Data Dialogue Geometry & Topology Gergen Lectures Graduate-Faculty Mathematical Biology Nonlinear & Complex Systems Number Theory Probability Public Lectures String Theory Triangle Topology Directions to the Department Giving to the Math Department Math & Society Undergraduate Mission & Assessment News Documentation - FAQs Facilities Policies Computing Request Form Secure Access Video Archive PLUM SWiM re:boot Number Theory Duke Math Meet For Current Students For Our Alumni Giving Research News
about 2017 PhD Graduates
about Annual Duke Math Party
about Seth L. Warner, Math Professor Emeritus Dies
about SIAM Certificate Awarded to Hangjie Ji
about Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM)
about New Number Systems Seek Their Lost Primes: Prof. Lillian Pierce is featured in Quanta magazine Research Ranked in the top 20 math graduate programs by U.S. News & World Report, our faculty conduct more than $3.7 million in research each year for industry, the Department of Defense, the National Science Foundation, and the National Institutes of Health. Our faculty of 35 includes three National Academy of Science members and two National Academy of Engineering members.  The Department supports more than 50 graduate students. Read more about our research Read more about our research Undergraduate Program As a field of study, mathematics is unique. Known as “The Queen of the Sciences,” it is the purest form of quantitative analytical reasoning and thus has applications to almost every other science. In fact, many sciences rely so heavily on mathematics that their most important questions are, fundamentally, math problems. Read more about our undergraduate program Read more about our undergraduate program Undergraduate News
about Annual Duke Math Party
about Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM)
about New Approach to Bone Remodeling
about Math + Zombies + GOT = Spring Break
about Duke University Mathematics Union (DUMU)
about Post-Game Roundup from the Brain Teaser Bowl Graduate News
about 2017 PhD Graduates
about 2017 PhD Graduates
about Triangle Area Graduate Mathematics Conference (TAGMac)
about SIAM Certificate Awarded to Hangjie Ji
about New SIAM Chapter at Duke Mathematics!
about Advanced Algorithm Improves Art Restoration Techniques Graduate Program Read more about our graduate program Read more about our graduate program Courses, Plans & Placement Whether you are planning to major or minor in math, fulfill your graduation requirements, or pick and choose courses that advance your career goals, there are math courses and people here to support you. Getting started – introductory math courses Step by step course placement advice Recommended courses for career paths Help, Tutoring & Mentoring Featured Courses MATH89S
for Game Theory and Democracy MATH218
for Matrices and Vector Spaces MATH240
for Introduction to Applied Mathematics: Modeling, Equations and Proofs MATH305S
for Number Theory MATH403
for Advanced Linear Algebra MATH477S
for Seminar in Mathematical Modeling with a Focus on Writing Seminars & Events Adventures in Theory Algebraic Geometry Applied Math & Analysis Data Dialogue Geometry & Topology Gergen Lectures Graduate-Faculty Mathematical Biology Nonlinear & Complex Systems Number Theory Probability Public Lectures String Theory Triangle Topology John J. Gergen Memorial Lectures One to two times a year, the Math Department sponsors lectures named in honor of Professor John J. Gergen (1903-1967), former chairman of the department. These lecture feature the prominent mathematicians of our time. Read more about the Gergan Memorial Lecture series Read more about the Gergan Memorial Lecture series Upcoming Events Data-based stochastic model reduction for chaotic systems... Wednesday, September 20 - 12:00 pm The need to deduce reduced computational models from discrete observations of complex systems arises in many climate and engineering applications. The challenges come mainly from memory effects... Bacterial Strain Identification Using Temporal Growth... Thursday, September 21 - 11:45 am As microbes develop numerous mechanisms to resist antibiotics, antibiotic resistance has become a global health crisis. As a result, rapid and accurate diagnostic techniques are required.... Linear systems on irregular varieties Friday, September 22 - 3:15 pm Binet-Legendre metric and applications of Riemannian results... Monday, September 25 - 3:15 pm We introduce a construction that associates a Riemannian metric $g_F$ (called the \emph{Binet-Legendre} metric) to a given Finsler metric $F$ on a smooth manifold $M$. The transformation $F \... Absolute convergence of the twisted Arthur-Selberg trace... Wednesday, September 27 - 3:15 pm We show that the distributions occurring in the geometric and spectral side of the twisted Arthur-Selberg trace formula extend to non-compactly supported test functions. The geometric assertion... Math in Our Society Did You Know? Mathematical sciences are an important part of modern day technological innovation and development. Did you know that math drives the "knowledge economy," including internet startups, biotech, film production, computer games and individualized medicine? Mathematical sciences help us to understand the spread of flu, earthquakes and avalanches, political upheavals and national economic fluctuations, and much more. Read more about Math & Society Read more about Math & Society Why Study Math? Suppose you love mathematics, but ultimately see yourself pursuing a career as a doctor, lawyer, or in business. You should be aware that professional graduate schools in medicine, law, and business think mathematics is a great major because it develops analytical skills and the ability to work in a problem-solving environment. Their entrance tests support this bias, so the more math you know the better you will do on their exams. Read more about the Math Major Read more about the Math Major About Duke Mathematics The Duke Mathematics Department currently comprises 30 tenured and tenure track faculty, 5 teaching faculty, 27 postdocs, and 53 graduate students. We have about 98 undergraduate mathematics majors and 41 minors. The number of mathematics majors who graduated in 2014-15 was 48; 28 mathematics minors also graduated. The research interests of the department span significant areas of pure and applied mathematics. Each year the department sponsors the Gergen Lectures, given by distinguished speakers in the field. Read more about Duke Mathematics Read more about Duke Mathematics Mathematics Academics Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Program Research Current Students Math Majors Graduate Students Future Students Prospective Graduate Students Prospective Undergraduate Students Stay Connected Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Search form Research Algebra and Combinatorics Analysis Biological Modeling Computational Mathematics Geometry: Differential & Algebraic Mathematical Physics Number Theory PDE & Dynamical Systems Physical Modeling Probability Signals, Images, and Data Topology Greater Mathematical Sciences Primary Faculty Secondary Faculty Undergraduate Calculus & Engineering Math Calculator Policy Exam Schedule & Final Exam Rooms Lab Schedules Why Study Math? Courses for Your Career Path Jobs for Math Majors Where Our Students Go For Math Majors and Minors Major & Minor Requirements Math Major Math Minor Advising Independent Study Graduation with Distinction Senior Theses & Undergraduate Papers Competitions Math Curious ? Student Research Options DOmath DOmath 2017 Simulations of spiral galaxies Rational points in orbits of matrix groups Laplacian eigenfunctions and interacting particles Random fragmentation PRUV Data+ Program Research Independent Study Other Summer Programs Student Social Activities Transfer Credits Study Abroad DUMU (Duke University Math Union) Duke Math Meet Student Awards The Julia Dale Prize Recipients of the Julia Dale Prize Recipients of the First-year Julia Dale Prize A "Remembrance" of Professor Julia Dale The Karl Menger Award Recipients of the Karl Menger Award Graduate Prospective Students How to Apply Financial Support Teaching Duties Recent Publications Placements Visit Our Department Ph.D. Requirements Basic Graduate Courses Graduate Program Faculty Graduate Life Current Students Starting the First Year Oral Qualifying Exam Annual Progress Reporting Preliminary Exam Applying for Academic Jobs Thesis & Final Defense Training for Teaching Assistants Smith Award for Teaching Excellence AMS Chapter SIAM Chapter Courses All Courses Fall 2017 Spring 2017 Fall 2016 Spring 2016 Fall 2015 Spring 2015 Course Placement Placement Guidelines Typical Course Sequences Enrollment Policies Math Advanced Placement Tests Frequently Asked Questions Courses for Your Career Path Courses by Math Fields People Faculty Primary Faculty Secondary Faculty Visiting Faculty Emeriti All Faculty by Specialty Staff Graduate Students All (Alphabetical, by Rank) Faculty Honors & Awards Seminars&Events Events by Week Adventures in Theory Lectures Algebraic Geometry Applied Math & Analysis Data Dialogue Geometry & Topology Gergen Lectures Graduate-Faculty Mathematical Biology Nonlinear & Complex Systems Number Theory Probability Public Lectures String Theory Triangle Topology About Directions to the Department Giving to the Math Department Math & Society Undergraduate Mission & Assessment News Duke Math Newsletter Computing Documentation - FAQs Accessing Files via WebDAV Color Printer/Scanner How to Restrict Access to Web Pages Printing from Wireless Network SGE Cluster Documentation Scan Documents using the Photo Copier TeX and LaTeX Facilities Policies Computing Request Form Secure Access Video Archive Math@Large PLUM SWiM re:boot Number Theory Duke Math Meet Alumni For Current Students For Our Alumni Assisting Duke Students GivingWolfram|Alpha Examples: Mathematics
Overview Pro for Students Pro for Educators Web Apps Problem Generator Mobile Apps All Products Tour Favorites History Preferences Downloads Uploads Account My Widgets My API Apps Sign Out Overview Pro for Students Pro for Educators Web Apps Problem Generator Mobile Apps All Products Tour Favorites History Preferences Downloads Uploads Account My Widgets My API Apps PRO: PRO: PRO: PRO: PRO: Mathematics Mathematics Elementary Mathematics
» Numbers
» Plotting & Graphics
» Algebra
» Calculus & Analysis
» Wolfram|Alpha
» Wolfram|Alpha
» Geometry
» Number Theory
» Discrete Mathematics
» Applied Mathematics
» Logic & Set Theory
» Mathematical Functions
» Advanced Mathematics
» Mathematical Definitions
» Famous Math Problems
» Continued Fractions
» Wolfram|Alpha Pages Pro Web Apps Mobile Apps Products Business Solutions API & Developer Solutions About Resources & Tools Blog Community Contact ©2017 Wolfram Alpha LLC ©2017 Wolfram Alpha LLC ©2017 Wolfram Alpha LLC Terms Terms Privacy Privacy Wolfram Research wolfram.com Wolfram Language Wolfram for Education Wolfram Demonstrations Mathematica MathWorldDepartment of Mathematics
Undergraduate Graduate Courses Research Directory Math Help Menu Search Home Home News Events September 18 Sep 18 Carver 202 Add to calendar September 19 Sep 19 Carver 274 Add to calendar September 19 Sep 19 Carver 174 Add to calendar September 20 Sep 20 Carver TBA Add to calendar September 21 Sep 21 2157 Pearson Hall Add to calendar Resources ALEKS Math Placement Exam Center for Excellence in Undergraduate Mathematics Education (CEUME) Computer Labs Faculty and Graduate Resources Employment Opportunities Colloquia & Seminars Iowa State University College of Liberal Arts and SciencesMIT Mathematics
Sitemap Contact Welcome Awards History Simons Building Directions Employment Contact Us Faculty Instructors Postdocs Researchers Graduate Students Staff Gallery Pure Applied Graduate Undergraduate High School Academic Services Undergraduate Graduate Classes Online Classes Orientation Visitors Grant Proposals Internal Computer Help Room Reservations Diversity Women in Math Sponsors Giving Visiting Committee News Calendar Seminars Conferences Integral Event Gallery Latest News slide1 Peter Shor awarded 2017 Dirac Medal Congratulations Peter! slide2 Scott Sheffield Wins Clay Research Award slide3 ICM 2018 speakers include Tom Mrowka, Wei Zhang, Bjorn Poonen, and Alex Postnikov
slide4 PRIMES student Felix Wang named Davidson Fellow Congratulations PRIMES and Felix! Seminars and EventsMathematics | Michigan State University
Search Tool Search All Regular Faculty Postdocs Visiting Faculty Specialists and Instructors Adjunct Faculty Emeriti Graduate Students Teaching Assistants Staff Administration Faculty Honors Faculty Research Interests Seminars Seminars by Week Geometry & Topology MCIAM MathSciNet Institute of Mathematical Physics Math Library Phillips Lecture Undergraduate Program Class Pages Webwork Math Learning Center Actuarial Science Advising Information Override Request Math Placement Service Herzog Competition Scholarships Exchange Program Sample Finals Apply for the Graduate Program Graduate Program Info Server Math Mail SpartanMail Travel Authorization Visitor Form Class Pages Editor Seminar Editor MathJobs Instructional Mentoring Department Minutes Department Bylaws RPT-Guidelines Book a Room Search Tool Search Giving | Newsletter | Jobs All Regular Faculty Postdocs Visiting Faculty Specialists and Instructors Adjunct Faculty Emeriti Graduate Students Teaching Assistants Staff Administration Faculty Honors Faculty Research Interests Seminars Seminars by Week Geometry & Topology MCIAM MathSciNet Institute of Mathematical Physics Math Library Phillips Lecture Undergraduate Program Class Pages Webwork Math Learning Center Actuarial Science Advising Information Override Request Math Placement Service Herzog Competition Scholarships Exchange Program Sample Finals Apply for the Graduate Program Graduate Program Info Server Math Mail SpartanMail Travel Authorization Visitor Form Class Pages Editor Seminar Editor MathJobs Instructional Mentoring Department Minutes Department Bylaws RPT-Guidelines Book a Room Seminars Contact College of Natural Science Events
The 2018 Phillips Lecture will be given March 15-19, 2018 by Professor Alex Lubotzky, the Maurice and Claire Weil chair in mathematics at the Einstein Institute of the Hebrew University. We will discuss the application process for NSF Graduate Research Fellowships.
All graduate students who are US Citizens or permanent residents and in their first two years of graduate study are encouraged to attend.
Panelists will include Ignacio Uriarte-Tuero, Effie Kalfagianni, and Jun Kitagawa.
Panel will be in C304 Wells Hall @ 4:10-5:00pm, September 21. Spotlight Sasha Volberg has been named a 2017-18 Simons Fellow in Mathematics as recognition for his work on Harmonic measures, singular integrals, and geometric measure theory. These highly competitive awards recognize excellence in the mathematical and physical sciences. Professor George Pappas has been invited to address the 2018 International Congress of Mathematicians in Rio next August. This great honor recognizes his distinguished work in arithmetic algebraic geometry. This award recognizes Pavel's development of an innovative hybrid curriculum for High School students in the Detroit area. Supported by the Bosch Foundation, the curriculum aids underprepared students who wish to engage in a STEM degree program in college.
Thomas Grubb has won a prestigious Goldwater Scholarship
for his work with Prof. Bruce Sagan on combinatorial pattern avoidance
in set partitions and restricted growth functions. There are 250 Goldwater Scholarships
awarded annually to sophomores and juniors across mathematics and science in the US. In addition, Thomas Grubb was also named one of the CNS Dean's research Scholars.
Jenna Jerwers and Taylor Joseph were recently awarded the Outstanding Senior awards, which are presented to graduating seniors who have demonstrated exemplary academic and extracurricular successes, and a strong sense of leadership, commitment and dedication to MSU.
These prizes are awarded annually by the Michigan State University's Senior Class Council. Taylor Joseph, a mathematics major, has also been awarded the Leroy Augenstein Memorial Scholarship from the College of Natural Science. HOME People All Regular Faculty Postdocs Visiting Faculty Specialists and Instructors Adjunct Faculty Emeriti Graduate Students Teaching Assistants Staff Administration Faculty Honors Research Faculty Research Interests Seminars Seminars by Week Geometry & Topology MCIAM MathSciNet Institute of Mathematical Physics Math Library Phillips Lecture Undergraduate Undergraduate Program Class Pages Webwork Math Learning Center Actuarial Science Advising Information Override Request Math Placement Service Herzog Competition Scholarships Exchange Program Sample Finals Graduate Apply for the Graduate Program Graduate Program Internal Info Server Math Mail SpartanMail Travel Authorization Visitor Form Class Pages Editor Seminar Editor MathJobs Instructional Mentoring Department Minutes Department Bylaws RPT-Guidelines Book a Room Privacy Statement Site Accessibility (517) 355-1855 MSU is an affirmative-action, equal-opportunity employer. Notice of Nondiscrimination Spartans Will. © Michigan State UniversityOhio State Department of Mathematics |
Ohio State nav bar The Ohio State University Help BuckeyeLink Map Find People Webmail Search Ohio State Ohio State Department of Mathematics Home Grace Marie Bareis Rosser Bohannan George Comstock Harry Waldo Kuhn Henry Mann Robert McFarland Tibor Radó Samuel Rasor Paul Reichelderfer Arnold Ephraim Ross Hans Zassenhaus The Tessellation Project Employment Opportunities Contact Us People Common Exam Calendar Archived Syllabi (1971-Present) Math and Actuarial Science Requirements Career Opportunities Co-Curricular Opportunities Honors Program Announcements and Events Math Theoretical Track Honors Distinction in Mathematics Honors Distinction in Mathematics Math Applied Track Math Biology Track Math Education Track Math Financial Track Actuarial Science Double Majors and Dual Degrees Scheduling Math Classes Math Study Resources Applying for Graduation Course and Semester Withdrawals Fresh Start Fresh Start Proficiency Exams Career Opportunities Internship and Job Openings Departmental Warning Suggested Minor Courses by Major For Aero Eng Majors For Bioemedical Eng Majors For Chemical & Biomol Eng Majors For Civil Eng Majors For CIS Majors For CSE Majors For Electrical & Computer Eng Majors For Engineering Physics Majors For Environmental Eng Majors For Food, Agr & Biol Eng Majors For Industrial & Systems Eng Majors For Materials Science Eng Majors For Mechanical Eng Majors For Welding Eng Majors Math Education Programs Calculus Sequences Math Course Progression Charts Permission to Add a Math Course Time Conflicts Waitlist, Closed, & Changing Sections Grade Forgiveness Grade Forgiveness Proficiency Exams Taking Math Classes at Another Institution 13 Steps to a Good Grade How to Study Math in College Selecting a Proof Method College of Arts and Sciences Fisher College of Business College of Engineering Knowlton School College of Education and Human Ecology School of Environment and Natural Resources College of Food, Agriculture and Environmental Sciences School of Health and Rehabilitation Sciences College of Dentistry College of Nursing College of Pharmacy The John Glenn College of Public Affairs College of Public Health College of Social Work AP and IB Credit Calculus Sequences Placement Test Study Materials Interpreting Placement Test Results Taking Math Classes at Another Institution Special and Technical Credit Evaluation of Courses Taken Abroad Evaluation of Math Education Courses Math Advising Office Contact Information Qualifying Exams MS Degree Mathematical Biosciences Mathematics for Educators Computational Sciences Master's of Actuarial and Quantitative Risk Management (MAQRM) Financial Support Forms & Resources Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Mathematical Biosciences Mathematics for Educators Computational Sciences MAQRM (Actuarial Science) FAQ FAQ General Information & Resources Staff Semester Calendars Dissertations and Theses Graduate Teaching Awards Mathematics Research Institute Mathematical Biosciences Institute Undergraduate Research Dissertations and Theses Journals Math Links Past Visiting Companies Past Visiting Companies FAQs What is ... ? What is ... ? Past RBG Competitions Past RBG Competitions Conferences Lectures The STEAM Factory Summer Math Programs Events Front Page Mathematics Research Institute Tutoring Services Transfer Credit Placement Test Front Page News Math Faculty Awarded TRIPODS Grant 08/27/2017 Avner Friedman named inaugural Fellow of the Socie... 08/02/2017 Jim Fowler Featured in Dispatch Article 05/19/2017 Florian Richter wins Presidential Fellowship 04/28/2017 Events Actuarial Science and Risk Management In... 09/18/2017 Analysis and Operator Theory Seminar - D... 09/19/2017 PDE Seminar - Léo Girardin 09/19/2017 Quantum Algebra & Quantum Topology S... 09/19/2017 Front Page Mathematics is a rich discipline with powerful abstract ideas, wide-ranging applications, and a long history. René Descartes once stated that "Mathematics is a more powerful instrument of knowledge than any other that has been bequeathed to us by human agency.” Many scientific laws are nowadays phrased in the language of modern mathematics. Natural phenomena, from weather patterns to the spread of a disease and the evolution of the universe are modeled and analyzed mathematically. Mathematics is used in all modern technological and scientific endeavors, from determining the optimal shape of aircraft wings to Internet search and improving transportation efficiency. Mathematical objects are studied in relation to their empirical origin, or in their own right, in pure math. Home People Search formMathematics Stack Exchange
your communities
Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges
Start here for a quick overview of the site
Detailed answers to any questions you might have
Discuss the workings and policies of this site
Learn more about Stack Overflow the company
Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us
Anybody can ask a question
Anybody can answer
The best answers are voted up and rise to the top
Explore Our Questions 60 0 0 2 Finding the Equation of the Parabola With Its Focus and Directrix 25 secs ago 58 1 2 13 Perpendicular Vectors find x 50 secs ago 42.1k 0 0 6 Can Known Conditions be Used to Make Assumptions About Equality in Boolean Algebra? 1 min ago 204 2 1 17 Yet another family of hypergeometric sums that has a closed form solution. 2 mins ago 45.1k -1 0 4 Linear equation in two variables 2 mins ago 34 1 0 8 Bounding a cubic form with a quadratic form 2 mins ago 15.7k 2 1 11 Determine independence of functions of r.v.'s and compute joint distribution 4 mins ago 182k 2 1 18 Reference for Bockstein Homomorphisms / Spectral Sequence for Homology 5 mins ago 583 0 0 9 Solving an integer valued equation of three variables 5 mins ago 158 2 0 26 Infinite series $\ln(\sin (x))$ 6 mins ago 148 0 0 10 Simplify this BOOLEAN expression: ABC+A'BC+AB'C+A'B'C' 8 mins ago 1 0 1 13 $f : \mathbb R^n\to\mathbb R$ is differentiable at $c$ if and only if $f(c+h)-f(c) = o(\langle v, h\rangle)$ for some $v$ : constant vector 9 mins ago 12.6k 0 0 10 Solving double derivative by integration 9 mins ago 6 -1 0 20 Use mathematical induction to prove this theorem on m 10 mins ago 1 3 0 18 my question is about mathematical analysis 10 mins ago 5,904 0 1 21 Centroid of circle having two fixed points and one variable point 10 mins ago 5,385 1 1 10 How many ways are there to deal 13 cards from a deck to 4 players s.t. none receive all hearts? 12 mins ago 45.3k 1 2 20 The number of solutions in a linear congruence. 12 mins ago 195k 0 0 3 Mapping of image pixels to 3D coordinates 14 mins ago 1 0 0 42 Linear Algebra and Determinant 15 mins ago 43.5k 4 2 148 Asymptotic of a sum: $\sum_{k=n}^{\infty}{f(k)} = \int_{n}^{\infty}{f(t)dt} +\frac{f(n)}{2}+\mathcal{O}(f'(n))$ 17 mins ago 50.8k 1 1 13 No projective modules in category. 17 mins ago 59.9k 0 0 8 Independance of “constants” of elementary processes and brownian motion 18 mins ago 79 0 0 10 Contraction Mapping Theorem: please explain complete metric space under operator and contraction 18 mins ago 49 0 0 7 Infinite series containing ceiling function 19 mins ago 1 0 0 8 Some Inequality on Korovkin Set in Proof of Bohman-Korovkin Theorem 19 mins ago 37 0 0 8 Real analysis , Hilbert spaces , Prove 19 mins ago 1 5 0 59 First Betti number of a Reeb graph is not greater than that of the space? 19 mins ago 180 -1 0 21 How to solve the below equation? 20 mins ago 1 1 1 9 Question about existence of special function 21 mins ago 23.8k 0 0 12 Sum of a sequence which is neither arithmetic nor geometric 22 mins ago 1 0 0 19 How is the minimum ordinal to reach TRUE ARITHMETIC starting from PA? 25 mins ago 8 5 3 42 $(a-3)^3+(b-2)^3+(c-2)^3=0$, $a+b+c=2$, $a^2+b^2+c^2=6$. Prove that at least one from $a,b,c$ is 2. 26 mins ago 687 -1 0 11 Calculating maximum percentage error by total differentials 26 mins ago 15.3k 0 1 9 Can ordinary 3D vectors be regarded, via their elementary vector product, as a simple example of a Grassmann Number? 27 mins ago 197 -2 0 18 Solving an ordinary differential equation - legitimately 27 mins ago 282 0 0 5 A numerical optimization problem 28 mins ago 106 1 0 5 Studying a differential equation in high frequency regime. 28 mins ago 168 0 0 7 Calculating Risk of Ruin for known profit/loss and probabilities 28 mins ago 101 10 0 63 Sum of digits of $3^{1000}$ 29 mins ago 136 3 0 49 Why is an ($\sigma$-)algebra called a ($\sigma$-)field in probability? 29 mins ago 146 0 2 16 Proving that $c(\vec x +' \vec y)$ = $c \vec x + c \vec y$ 33 mins ago 1,877 0 2 35 Is the polynomial $ x^4+3x^2+2 \ $ is irreducible over $ \mathbb{Q}[x] \ $? 38 mins ago 490 -1 0 8 examples of functions that satisfies Devaney definition of chaos? 38 mins ago 1 -1 3 30 If $x = \frac{\sqrt{3} + 1}{\sqrt{2} + 1}$, what is $\frac{\sqrt{3} - 1}{\sqrt{2} - 1}$ in terms of $x$? 41 mins ago 140k 1 2 16 Intersection of standard line and plane 42 mins ago 18.1k 0 1 20 Two coin tossed simultaneously 43 mins ago 454 1 3 21 How do I solve the following problem concerning primitive functions? 43 mins ago 5,385 13 1 818 How prove $\sum\limits_{cyc}\sqrt{PA+PB}\ge 2\sqrt{\sum\limits_{cyc}h_{a}}$ 46 mins ago ♦ 1 1 1 16 Is there an (interesting) mathematical theory in first order logic that is inconsistent with Peano Arithmetic? 46 mins ago 82.9k 1 0 10 About the spectral resolution theorem 48 mins ago 47 -1 0 8 Pre-image of holomorphic function is disjoint union of open subsets 50 mins ago 1,664 0 0 6 Set of universal elements generic or empty 51 mins ago 146 -3 1 16 Issues with my matrix in matlab 54 mins ago 2,271 0 1 13 Sign of function containing the cdf and pdf of a normal random variable 58 mins ago 3,719 2 5 65 Complete factorization of $64y^6 - 1$ 58 mins ago 50 1 1 13 Closed balls in $B(H)$ are totally bounded?! 59 mins ago 681 4 0 60 Using bump function in coordinate chart to construct a vector field $V$ along a curve $\gamma$ with particular properties. 59 mins ago 167 1 0 6 Non-Separability of Metric Space implies non equivalence of Borel $\sigma$-algebras on product space. 1 hour ago 23 1 0 39 Eigenfunctions of a Linear Operator 1 hour ago 507 0 0 12 Finding the smallest root of $a(1-a)^{n-1} = s$ 1 hour ago 2,743 1 0 18 Combinatorics and Inequalities. 1 hour ago 62 1 0 6 Characterize $U \subset \mathbb{C}$ such that the derivative is surjective 1 hour ago 422 0 0 8 Blitzstein: Named distribution, Binomial and Poisson, Ch 4, Problem:19 1 hour ago 123 0 0 20 $\mathbb{P}\lbrace \mid X_{i}-\mathbb{E} X_{i} \mid >t \rbrace \leq \mathbb{P}\lbrace \mid \max_{i} X_{i}-\mathbb{E} \max_{i}X_{i}\mid >t \rbrace $ 1 hour ago 147 1 0 9 Continuity of implicitly defined function 1 hour ago 6 1 1 11 Mean value integral of a harmonic function in the exterior of a ball is linear 1 hour ago 5,821 2 2 26 Examples of locally connected sets 1 hour ago 5,904 0 0 6 Solving linear program with 1 quadratic constraint complexity 1 hour ago 427 0 0 28 Minimum vertex cover, maximum matching and k-connectivity 1 hour ago 1 1 1 26 How to calculate the surface area of a cone using cylindrical coordinates? 1 hour ago 41 0 0 9 Construction of smooth covering 1 hour ago 42 1 1 17 Fourier series for a non-periodic function on an Interval 1 hour ago 5,821 2 4 37 limit of $\frac{1-\sin x+\cos x }{x-\frac{\pi }{2}}$ 1 hour ago 5,904 2 0 23 Proving BCH formula 1 hour ago 857 0 0 8 How to quantify skewness in a skewed Gaussian distribution? 1 hour ago 66 2 1 864 maximal principle uniform covering of a sphere with uniform geodesics 1 hour ago ♦ 1 1 0 11 number of induced subgraph for a prime number $p$ 1 hour ago 77 1 0 14 Show that a continuous map from covering space is a homeomorphism if fundamental group is finite. 1 hour ago 756 1 1 26 A silly confusion with permutations? 1 hour ago 137k 0 0 52 Let $f(t) = (\cos t,\sin t)$. Show that $f$ is a local diffeomorphism 1 hour ago 26k 1 1 9 A shipment of 8 similar microcomputers to a retail outlet contains 3 that are defective. 1 hour ago 18.1k 0 1 8 Meaning of Homogeneity in matrix theory 1 hour ago 59.9k 0 0 12 Difficulties finding conversion factor 1 hour ago 33 0 0 9 Continuity of the quadratic covariation operator 2 hours ago 2,074 1 1 17 Show that the shortest distance between two opposite edges of a regular tetrahedron is equal to half the diagonal of the square described on an edge. 2 hours ago 140k 1 0 7 Please help me prove that $p_n(x, y, z)$ are symmetric polynomials. 2 hours ago 16 0 0 9 The largest eigenvalue of a subgraph of a graph 2 hours ago 77 2 0 33 Are truth tables for logic connectives deduced from axioms in propositional logic? 2 hours ago 1,410 1 0 15 Cauchy Problem/PDE 2 hours ago 296 0 0 10 Upper bound the following inequality 2 hours ago 147 0 0 11 HPs within an AP 2 hours ago 132 2 0 37 Is this sequence of numbers related to partitions finite? 2 hours ago 607 1 2 20 Numerical technique to solve 2nd order PDE 2 hours ago 1,894 2 1 35 Triangular inequality in norm? 2 hours ago 1,760 0 2 49 Definition of a Quotient Ring (need clarification). 3 hours ago 1,760 The week's top questions and answers Important community announcements Questions that need answers Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Mobile Stack Overflow Stack Overflow Business Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Technology Life / Arts Culture / Recreation Science Other Stack Overflow Server Fault Super User Web Applications Ask Ubuntu Webmasters Game Development TeX - LaTeX Software Engineering Unix & Linux Ask Different (Apple) WordPress Development Geographic Information Systems Electrical Engineering Android Enthusiasts Information Security Database Administrators Drupal Answers SharePoint User Experience Mathematica Salesforce ExpressionEngine® Answers Blender Network Engineering Cryptography Code Review Magento Software Recommendations Signal Processing Emacs Raspberry Pi Programming Puzzles & Code Golf Ethereum Data Science Arduino Photography Science Fiction & Fantasy Graphic Design Movies & TV Music: Practice & Theory Worldbuilding Seasoned Advice (cooking) Home Improvement Personal Finance & Money Academia Law English Language & Usage Skeptics Mi Yodeya (Judaism) Travel Christianity English Language Learners Japanese Language Arqade (gaming) Bicycles Role-playing Games Anime & Manga Puzzling Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair MathOverflow Mathematics Cross Validated (stats) Theoretical Computer Science Physics Chemistry Biology Computer Science Philosophy Meta Stack Exchange Stack Apps API Data Area 51 Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn rev 2017.9.15.27039Department of Mathematics | College of Liberal Arts & Sciences | The University of Iowa
The University of Iowa Top Menu Resources Sitemap College of Liberal Arts & Sciences Home About Departments & Divisions For Students For Faculty Deans Office
Mathematics
Main menu Home About People Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Research Math Tutorial Lab Welcome to Mathematics Important Links Noteworthy MATHEMATICS COLLOQUIUM www.math.uiowa.edu/calendar Mathematics Calendar September Please click on a day above to see events for that day. The University of Iowa Department of Mathematics 14 MacLean Hall Iowa City Iowa 52242-1419 Phone: Fax: Give to MathematicsSchool of Mathematics |
Go to the U of M home page One Stop College of Science and Engineering CSE Home CSE Directory Give to CSE Student Dashboard Condensed Directory Administration Faculty Staff Postdocs, Visitors, Affiliated Faculty Instructional Staff Graduate Students Emeritus Faculty CSE-IT Staff In Memoriam Contact Vincent Hall Math Library Positions Available IT Knowledge & Help Make a Gift Major/Minor Programs Actuarial Studies Past Senior Honors Theses Requirements Undergraduate Honors Scholarships Courses Exam Information Tutoring Undergraduate Research Undergraduate Internships Student Groups and Competitions Undergraduate News Admission Requirements PhD Programs Master's Programs Decisions Master of Financial Math Graduate Math Minors Courses Financial Assistance/Benefits Student Fellowships & Awards PhD Alumni MS Alumni Student Groups and Competitions MCFAM MathCEP MCIM Faculty Research Minnesota Journal of Undergraduate Mathematics (MJUM) Programs News Newsletters Undergraduate News Seminars Events Past Events Photo Gallery University Calendar Prof. Mitchell Luskin Named IPAM Simons Participant Professor Mitchell Luskin was named the first IPAM
Simons Participant
at the Institute for Pure & Applied Mathematics in the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) during their program “Complex High-dimensional Energy Landscapes” which began on September 11, 2017.  A conference on
Multiscale Theory and Computation
in honor of Prof. Luskin's 65th birthday is being held here at the University of Minnesota on September 23-25, 2017 Tyler Maunu Awarded Doctoral Dissertation Fellowship Tyler Maunu has been awarded a University of Minnesota Doctoral Dissertation Fellowship for 2017-18. Tyler's research interests lie in statistics, machine learning, computer vision, and non-convex optimization, and his thesis advisor is Gilad Lerman. The Doctoral Dissertation Fellowship (DDF) gives the University's most accomplished PhD candidates an opportunity to devote full-time effort to an outstanding research project by providing time to finalize and write a dissertation during the fellowship year. Tyler Maunu has been awarded a University of Minnesota Doctoral Dissertation Fellowship for 2017-18. Tyler's research interests lie in statistics, machine learning, computer vision, and non-convex optimization, and his thesis advisor is Gilad Lerman. The Doctoral Dissertation Fellowship (DDF) gives the University's most accomplished PhD candidates an opportunity to devote full-time effort to an outstanding research project by providing time to finalize and write a dissertation during the fellowship year. Han Yong Wunrow Receives Fulbright Award Senior and math major, Han Yong Wunrow, has received a Fulbright Scholarship to teach English in Korea. Born in Korea and adopted at an early age, Wunrow has maintained ties to Korean culture by participating in traditional Samulnori drumming and studying abroad at Pohang University of Science and Engineering. At the University of Minnesota, he is active in several groups in the College of Science and Engineering and in Mathematics. A successful participant mathematical modeling competitions, Wunrow plans to complete graduate study in Health Metrics after his year in Korea. Senior and math major, Han Yong Wunrow, has received a Fulbright Scholarship to teach English in Korea. Born in Korea and adopted at an early age, Wunrow has maintained ties to Korean culture by participating in traditional Samulnori drumming and studying abroad at Pohang University of Science and Engineering. At the University of Minnesota, he is active in several groups in the College of Science and Engineering and in Mathematics. A successful participant mathematical modeling competitions, Wunrow plans to complete graduate study in Health Metrics after his year in Korea. Congratulations Newly Promoted Faculty  - research Interests: Probability theory and discrete harmonic analysis  - research Interests: Algebraic topology and its applications     - research interests: Algebraic topology, K-theory
Mathematics at the University of Minnesota Award Winning Programs, Research, and Faculty Yield Award Winning Students The mission of the School of Mathematics is to cover the full range of research, education and service throughout mathematics and its applications. Our graduates - bachelors, Masters, and Doctorates - pursue a wide variety of careers within education, industry, and government. We provide mathematics instruction to students throughout the University in a broad range of academic programs, including physical and biological sciences, engineering, business, medicine, social sciences, and many other disciplines. Tradition of Excellence School of Mathematics Events School of Mathematics Events Other Math Events IMA Events CSE Events Giving Opportunities Course Information Special Events For Students, Faculty, and Staff One Stop 2017Department of Mathematics | University of Washington
Make a Gift Directories Maps MyUW Search form Department of Mathematics Department of Mathematics Menu Full Directory Faculty Staff Graduate Students Teaching Assistants Alumni News Submit an Update Advising & Academic Support Admissions Continuation & Honesty Policy Degree Options Graduation Policy Honors & Senior Thesis Math Minor ACMS Program Post-Baccalaureate Students Career Planning Graders Math Study Center Math Tutors Undergraduate Research Transfer Credit Evaluations Overview How to Apply Requirements Applying Visiting Graduate Students Applying International Graduate Students Required Tests FAQs Degree Requirements Advanced Data Science Option Foreign Language & Computer Exams Past Preliminary Exams Past Preliminary Exams General Exam Final Exam Registration Guidelines Normal Progress Recommended Programs FAQ Degree Requirements FAQ Normal Progress Registration Guidelines Transferring to the Ph.D. Program Overview Tuition and Fees Teaching Assistantships Research Assistantships & Fellowships Guidelines for TA and RA Appointments External Opportunities Travel Funding Teaching & Funding FAQs Contact & Resources Teaching Resources Annual Course Overview Materials & Websites Common Finals Course or Instructor Concerns Current & Upcoming Prerequisite Policy Closed Courses 100-Level Registration 300- and 400-Level Registration Non-Matriculated Student Information Repeating a Course Teaching Endorsement WXML UW Mathday UW Math Circle SIMUW MathAcrossCampus All Outreach Links Fields of Interest Seminars & Other Activities Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences Faculty Honors & Awards Student Awards Math Research Library Recent News Newsletter Milliman Lectures Seminars & Other Research Activities Upcoming Events Calendar Advising & Academic Support Math Study Center Math Tutors Career Planning Open Positions Organizations Scholarships & Financial Support Overview Area Hotels Area Restaurants Information & Resources Computing Wiki Graduate Program Info for Faculty Welcome Diversity Commitment Stay Connected Support Us Contact Us Make a Gift Directories Maps MyUW Innovative Research Our faculty and students explore new ideas in mathematics and its applications. Mathematics in the Community The department offers engaging programs for students of all ages. Begin Your Math Journey Together we are building a vibrant and welcoming community. Endless Possibilities The study of mathematics can serve as the foundation for many careers, such as financial analyst, data scientist, or animator.       News & Events September 14, 2017 August 29, 2017 August 28, 2017 August 22, 2017 Upcoming Events Sep 26 Oct 06 Oct 10 Oct 10 Oct 13 View more events       Calendar     News Feed     Alumni Update For all academic inquiries, please contact:Mathematics 1 (High School) |
Khan Academy
If you're seeing this message, it means we're having trouble loading external resources on our website. Early math Early math Arithmetic Arithmetic Pre-algebra Pre-algebra Algebra 1 Algebra 1 Geometry Geometry Algebra 2 Algebra 2 Trigonometry Trigonometry Precalculus Precalculus Statistics & probability Statistics & probability AP Calculus AB AP Calculus AB AP Calculus BC AP Calculus BC AP Statistics AP Statistics Multivariable calculus Multivariable calculus Differential equations Differential equations Linear algebra Linear algebra Kindergarten Kindergarten 1st 1st 2nd 2nd 3rd 3rd 4th 4th 5th 5th 6th 6th 7th 7th 8th 8th Eureka Math/EngageNY Eureka Math/EngageNY High school High school Physics Physics AP Physics 1 AP Physics 1 AP Physics 2 AP Physics 2 Cosmology & astronomy Cosmology & astronomy Chemistry Chemistry AP Chemistry AP Chemistry Organic chemistry Organic chemistry Biology Biology AP Biology AP Biology Health & medicine Health & medicine Electrical engineering Electrical engineering Computer programming Computer programming Computer science Computer science Hour of Code Hour of Code Computer animation Computer animation World history World history AP World History AP World History US history US history AP US History AP US History Art history Art history AP Art History AP Art History Grammar Grammar Microeconomics Microeconomics Macroeconomics Macroeconomics AP Microeconomics AP Microeconomics AP Macroeconomics AP Macroeconomics Finance & capital markets Finance & capital markets SAT SAT MCAT MCAT GMAT GMAT IIT JEE IIT JEE NCLEX-RN NCLEX-RN College admissions College admissions Careers Careers Personal finance Personal finance Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship Main content Mathematics I Mathematics I Explore Mathematics I Mathematics II Mathematics III Solving equations & inequalities Working with units Linear equations & graphs Functions Linear word problems Systems of equations Inequalities (systems & graphs) Scatterplots Data distributions Two-way tables Sequences Rational exponents & radicals Exponential growth & decay Geometry transformations Congruence Analytic geometry Recommended 7:36 7:36 8:53 8:53 4:06 4:06 4:50 4:50Mathematics Standards			| Common Core State Standards Initiative
Home Development Process Frequently Asked Questions Myths vs. Facts Branding Guidelines Contact What Parents Should Know Standards in Your State English Language Arts Standards Mathematics Standards Key Shifts in English Language Arts Key Shifts in Mathematics Statements of Support Mathematics Standards For more than a decade, research studies of mathematics education in high-performing countries have concluded that mathematics education in the United States must become substantially more focused and coherent in order to improve mathematics achievement in this country. To deliver on this promise, the mathematics standards are designed to address the problem of a curriculum that is “a mile wide and an inch deep.” These new standards build on the best of high-quality math standards from states across the country. They also draw on the most important international models for mathematical practice, as well as research and input from numerous sources, including state departments of education, scholars, assessment developers, professional organizations, educators, parents and students, and members of the public. The math standards provide clarity and specificity rather than broad general statements. They endeavor to follow the design envisioned by William Schmidt and Richard Houang (2002), by not only stressing conceptual understanding of key ideas, but also by continually returning to organizing principles such as place value and the laws of arithmetic to structure those ideas. In addition, the “sequence of topics and performances” that is outlined in a body of math standards must respect what is already known about how students learn. As Confrey (2007) points out, developing “sequenced obstacles and challenges for students…absent the insights about meaning that derive from careful study of learning, would be unfortunate and unwise.” Therefore, the development of the standards began with research-based learning progressions detailing what is known today about how students’ mathematical knowledge, skill, and understanding develop over time. The knowledge and skills students need to be prepared for mathematics in college, career, and life are woven throughout the mathematics standards. They do not include separate Anchor Standards like those used in the ELA/literacy standards. The Common Core concentrates on a clear set of math skills and concepts. Students will learn concepts in a more organized way both during the school year and across grades. The standards encourage students to solve real-world problems. Understanding Mathematics These standards define what students should understand and be able to do in their study of mathematics. But asking a student to understand something also means asking a teacher to assess whether the student has understood it. But what does mathematical understanding look like? One way for teachers to do that is to ask the student to justify, in a way that is appropriate to the student’s mathematical maturity, why a particular mathematical statement is true or where a mathematical rule comes from. Mathematical understanding and procedural skill are equally important, and both are assessable using mathematical tasks of sufficient richness. Standards for Mathematical Practice How to read the grade level standards Introduction Counting & Cardinality Operations & Algebraic Thinking Number & Operations in Base Ten Measurement & Data Geometry Introduction Operations & Algebraic Thinking Number & Operations in Base Ten Measurement & Data Geometry Introduction Operations & Algebraic Thinking Number & Operations in Base Ten Measurement & Data Geometry Introduction Operations & Algebraic Thinking Number & Operations in Base Ten Number & Operations—Fractions¹ Measurement & Data Geometry Introduction Operations & Algebraic Thinking Number & Operations in Base Ten¹ Number & Operations—Fractions¹ Measurement & Data Geometry Introduction Operations & Algebraic Thinking Number & Operations in Base Ten Number & Operations—Fractions Measurement & Data Geometry Introduction Ratios & Proportional Relationships The Number System Expressions & Equations Geometry Statistics & Probability Introduction Ratios & Proportional Relationships The Number System Expressions & Equations Geometry Statistics & Probability Introduction The Number System Expressions & Equations Functions Geometry Statistics & Probability Introduction The Real Number System Quantities* The Complex Number System Vector & Matrix Quantities Introduction Seeing Structure in Expressions Arithmetic with Polynomials & Rational Expressions Creating Equations* Reasoning with Equations & Inequalities Introduction Interpreting Functions Building Functions Linear, Quadratic, & Exponential Models* Trigonometric Functions High School: Modeling Introduction Congruence Similarity, Right Triangles, & Trigonometry Circles Expressing Geometric Properties with Equations Geometric Measurement & Dimension Modeling with Geometry Introduction Interpreting Categorical & Quantitative Data Making Inferences & Justifying Conclusions Conditional Probability & the Rules of Probability Using Probability to Make Decisions Courses & Transitions Mathematics Glossary Table 1 Table 2 Table 3 Table 4 Table 5 Counting & Cardinality Operations & Algebraic Thinking Number & Operations in Base Ten Number & Operations—Fractions Measurement & Data Geometry Ratios & Proportional Relationships The Number System Expressions & Equations Functions Statistics & Probability Mathematics Appendix A Sitemap Contact Terms of Use Public License Developers & Publishers © 2017 Common Core State Standards InitiativeMathematics Department
Mathematics Faculty and Staff Courses and Programs Learning Goals Student Research Calendar Student Research Student Research Projects in Mathematics Bowdoin Math Circle Mathematician of the Day Upcoming Events September
,
2017 Contacts:Mathematics | www.pma.caltech.edu
Visit Directory Access About PMA at a Glance PMA at a Glance Giving to PMA Giving to PMA Job Opportunities Faculty Positions Postdoctoral Positions Staff Positions Contact Us Division Administration Academic Administration Research Administration Research Center Directors Visiting PMA Visiting PMA People Physics Professorial Faculty Emeritus Faculty Visiting Associates Research Faculty Lecturers Postdoctoral Scholars Graduate Students Math Professorial Faculty Emeritus Faculty Visiting Associates Research Faculty Instructors Lecturers Postdoctoral Scholars Graduate Students Astronomy Professorial Faculty Emeritus Faculty Visiting Associates Research Faculty Instructors Lecturers Postdoctoral Scholars Graduate Students Research & Academics Physics Physics Course Schedule Physics Undergraduate Studies Physics Postdoctoral Scholars Physics Research Physics Graduate Studies Mathematics Mathematics Course Schedule Math Undergraduate Studies Math Graduate Studies Math Postdoctoral Opportunities Math Research Astronomy Astronomy Course Schedule Astronomy Catalog Descriptions Astronomy Undergraduate Studies Astronomy Graduate Studies Astronomy Research News & Events Caltech Master Calendar Caltech Master Calendar PMA Event Calendar PMA Event Calendar Seminar List Seminar List Awards & Honors Awards & Honors Division News Physics News Math News Astronomy News Facilities Observational Facilities Caltech Submillimeter Observatory Chajnantor Observatory Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) Owens Valley Radio Observatory (OVRO) Palomar Observatory W. M. Keck Observatory Research Centers & Institutes Center for Data-Driven Discovery (CDDD) Infrared Processing and Analysis Center (IPAC) Institute for Quantum Information and Matter (IQIM) Keck Institute for Space Studies (KISS) Moore Center for Theoretical Cosmology and Physics Space Radiation Laboratory (SRL) Walter Burke Institute for Theoretical Physics (WBITP) Resources & Programs Division Resources Instrument Shop High Bay Libraries Graduate Student Opportunities Graduate Student Opportunities Undergraduate Student Opportunities Undergraduate Student Opportunities Women in PMA (WiPMA) Women in PMA (WiPMA) Main Main Main PMA at a Glance Giving to PMA Faculty Positions Postdoctoral Positions Staff Positions Division Administration Academic Administration Research Administration Research Center Directors Visiting PMA Professorial Faculty Emeritus Faculty Visiting Associates Research Faculty Lecturers Postdoctoral Scholars Graduate Students Professorial Faculty Emeritus Faculty Visiting Associates Research Faculty Instructors Lecturers Postdoctoral Scholars Graduate Students Professorial Faculty Emeritus Faculty Visiting Associates Research Faculty Instructors Lecturers Postdoctoral Scholars Graduate Students Physics Course Schedule Physics Undergraduate Studies Physics Postdoctoral Scholars Physics Research Physics Graduate Studies Mathematics Course Schedule Math Undergraduate Studies Math Graduate Studies Math Postdoctoral Opportunities Math Research Astronomy Course Schedule Astronomy Catalog Descriptions Astronomy Undergraduate Studies Astronomy Graduate Studies Astronomy Research Caltech Master Calendar PMA Event Calendar Seminar List Awards & Honors Physics News Math News Astronomy News Caltech Submillimeter Observatory Chajnantor Observatory Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) Owens Valley Radio Observatory (OVRO) Palomar Observatory W. M. Keck Observatory Center for Data-Driven Discovery (CDDD) Infrared Processing and Analysis Center (IPAC) Institute for Quantum Information and Matter (IQIM) Keck Institute for Space Studies (KISS) Moore Center for Theoretical Cosmology and Physics Space Radiation Laboratory (SRL) Walter Burke Institute for Theoretical Physics (WBITP) Instrument Shop High Bay Libraries Graduate Student Opportunities Undergraduate Student Opportunities Women in PMA (WiPMA) Subpages » Mathematics Course Schedule Math Undergraduate Studies Math Graduate Studies Math Postdoctoral Opportunities Math Research Mathematics PLEASE NOTE THAT THE MATH DEPARTMENT HAS TEMPORARILY RELOCATED TO BUILDING 15 (FORMERLY FINANCIAL SERVICES) WHILE OUR HOME IS BEING RENOVATED. Caltech's mathematics program brings together faculty, researchers, and students who have a breadth of interests and expertise in the use and analysis of numbers, and who are interested in collaborating with colleagues across fields to solve some of the most complicated problems of our time. Members of the mathematics faculty conduct research at the intersection of fields ranging from mathematical physics to geometry and topology. They are renowned for their insights in the areas of algebra and mathematical logic; have won top honors for their work in analysis, number theory, and geometry; and have authored texts about mathematical analysis that are considered foundational to the field. The Putnam Competition - Sign Up Now Links Announcements 1200 EAST CALIFORNIA BOULEVARD, PASADENA, CA 91125 Site content © 2017 California Institute of Technology Contact Us Feedback Report a Copyright Infringement LoginMathematics - College of Science and Engineering - Seattle University
About Admissions Academics Student Life Jesuit Tradition Athletics Alumni Give Students Families Faculty & Staff Library Directories Campus Map Visit SU Email Canvas MySU SU Online About Admissions Academics Student Life Jesuit Tradition Athletics Alumni Give Students Families Faculty & Staff Library Directories Campus Map Visit SU Email Canvas MySU SU Online SU Home SU Home College of Science and Engineering Mathematics Mathematics About us / Find us About us / Find us Emeriti Faculty research Faculty research Classroom Technology Classroom Technology Learning Outcomes Learning Outcomes Math Placement Math Placement Bachelor of Science in Mathematics with Specialization Bachelor of Science, Major in Mathematics Bachelor of Arts, Major in Mathematics Undergraduate Research Student Awards Links Alumni Connections Math Lab Math Club SUMmER 2015 Results SUMmER 2016 Results SUMmER 2017 Results Math colloquium SMART Fridays MATH+ART event PNW MAA section meeting, 2018 Cascade Topology Seminar, 2016 Mathematics Welcome to our department! News Dr. Steven Klee named a recipient of the 2017 Henry L. Alder Award! Read more about it here!   More on Mathematics at Seattle University Mathematics is an essential tool in the modern world, as well as a fascinating and beautiful subject in its own right. In a mathematics major, students learn increasingly sophisticated tools and techniques for solving mathematical problems arising in fields such as natural sciences, engineering, economics, and statistics. They also understand the theoretical aspects of these techniques, study abstract mathematical structures, and develop the ability to read and write rigorous proofs of mathematical statements. Our students enjoy small class size, personalized attention, close interaction with faculty, and the use of technology in the classroom. The mathematics department offers students several different degrees to choose from based on their interests within mathematics and their professional goals. These include a BA degree, a BS degree designed for students intending to use their degree in a professional career, and a BSM degree that provides the fullest preparation for graduate school in mathematics or actuarial science. A major in mathematics is commonly paired with a major in another field in science, engineering, business, or the humanities, resulting in a very strong degree. All majors participate in a year-long capstone experience that culminates in oral and written presentations. We also offer the opportunity for some students to engage in research projects with faculty members. Recent projects have included research in mathematical models of water waves, number theory, graph theory, inverse theory, and random matrices. A mathematics degree opens up careers in a variety of industries including finance, insurance, software engineering, and the sciences. In addition, some of our mathematics majors decide to pursue careers in teaching and others continue their education through graduate programs in mathematics, finance, statistics, or another disciplines. We are proud to number among our majors recipients of the prestigious Goldwater Scholarship, National Security Agency Internship, and NASA Summer Internship.   Seattle WA 98122 Email SU Online Library Canvas Careers Campus Map MySU Contact SU Give Follow Us © Seattle UniversityDepartment of Mathematical Sciences | Stevens Institute of Technology
Search form Stevens Entrepreneurship Close Department of Mathematical Sciences Mathematical Sciences Additional Navigation Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Research Faculty & Staff Department of Mathematical Sciences Mathematics plays a central role in academic life at Stevens. It is both a fascinating subject worth exploring in its own right and indispensable to engineering and the sciences. Other research strengths of the department include stochastic optimization, applied probability theory, and differential equations. Majors Minor Graduate Programs Stevens Math Olympiad 2017 Expand Lightbox Expand Lightbox Expand Lightbox Expand Lightbox Expand Lightbox Expand Lightbox Program Highlight The Stevens Calculus System At Stevens, we do calculus differently. Students learn not only through lectures, but through team problem-solving sessions, self-study projects, and innovative teaching materials. Small class sizes mean that professors are always available for one-on-one meetings, and half-semester courses allow us to design flexible schedules that cater to individual students' needs. Departmental Research As its areas of emphasis the Stevens Department of Mathematics is committed to stochastic systems and optimization as well as algebraic cryptography. Risk and Decision-Making Research in stochastic optimization models with stochastic dominance constraints and risk functions, including new optimization models constraining risk. Algebraic Cryptography The Algebraic Cryptography Center investigates new techniques from computational algebra to practical problems in cryptography and cryptanalysis. Calculus Learning Platform Gradarius is a novel learning platform developed by Stevens mathematicians to help students master calculus concepts for deeper understanding. Group Theory Cutting-edge research in computational, combinatorial, and geometric group theory. A weekly seminar, featuring scholars from around the world. Open to the public… Faculty Spotlight Alexei Miasnikov, Ph.D. Nicholas Toukian, Ph.D. Darinka Dentcheva, Ph.D. Robert Gilman, Ph.D. Mathematical Sciences News You seldom hear the words "fun" and "math" in the same sentence. But fun is the most common way New Jersey students describe the Stevens Math Olympiad.
Earlier this summer, 350… Gradarius is changing the way college students learn calculus—and may very well change the way calculus is taught in higher education.
Gradarius is the world’s first learning… In 1995 Thomas Pidduck, M.D., a medical intern at George Washington University Medical Center in Washington, D.C., was part of the medical team looking after the retired U.S. senator… Stevens is becoming a global thought leader in group theory - thanks, in part, to Professor Robert Gilman.
Gilman teaches in the Stevens Institute of Technology’s Department… More than 300 middle and high school students gathered at the Stevens Institute of Technology campus in Hoboken June 11 to compete in the first Stevens Math Olympiad.
Participants… Dr. Alexei Miasnikov, director of the Department of Mathematical Sciences and distinguished professor at Stevens Institute of Technology has been awarded the highly renowned Malcev… The Mathematical Sciences Research Institute (MSRI) in Berkeley, California has awarded Professor Robert Gilman a Research Membership for its program in Geometric Group Theory… How do we learn? It's a simple, yet vexing, question — and one that remains largely unanswered.A psychologist might say we accumulate experiences, changing our behavior as we go… Mathematical Sciences Events 3 Nov 2017 9:00AM – 5:00PM Hosted by the Mathematical Sciences Department Contact Us Department of Mathematical Sciences
Alexei
Miasnikov
Distinguished Professor, Department Director
Patrick
Miller
Teaching Associate Professor, Deputy Director An inclusive college campus just minutes from New York City with an incredible view and exceptional access to opportunity my An inclusive college campus just minutes from New York City with an incredible view and exceptional access to opportunity An inclusive college campus just minutes from New York City with an incredible view and exceptional access to opportunity Stevens Institute of Technology Expand Expand Expand Expand Expand Search formMathematical structure - Wikipedia
Mathematical structure Contents 1 History 2 Example: the real numbers 3 See also 4 References 5 Further reading 6 External links History [ ] Example: the real numbers [ ] an order: each number is either less or more than any other number. a topology: there is a notion of open sets. There are interfaces among these: Its order and, independently, its metric structure induce its topology. See also [ ] Abstract structure Algebraic structure Equivalent definitions of mathematical structures Intuitionistic type theory Space (mathematics) References [ ]     ^ (PDF) 7 April     Further reading [ ]                         External links [ ]     Type theory Set theory Mathematical structures Articles lacking in-text citations from April 2016 All articles lacking in-text citations Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Languages العربية Brezhoneg Català Čeština Deutsch Español Esperanto Français 한국어 Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული Lietuvių Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Polski Русский Slovenščina Svenska தமிழ் Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links
This page was last edited on 8 September 2017, at 16:02. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewUpdate Your Browser | Facebook
Jump to Section of this Page Accessibility Help alt / Facebook Update Your Browser English (US) Español Français (France) 中文(简体) العربية Português (Brasil) Italiano 한국어 Deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 Sign Up Log In Messenger Facebook Lite Mobile Find Friends People Pages Places Games Locations Celebrities Marketplace Groups Recipes Sports Moments Instagram About Create Ad Create Page Developers Careers Privacy Cookies Terms Help Settings Activity Log
Facebook © 2017Mathematicians :
Occupational Outlook Handbook: :
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
US Department of Labor U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Inflation & Prices Spending & Time Use Unemployment Employment Pay & Benefits Productivity Workplace Injuries International Demographics Industries Business Costs Occupations Geography Business Leaders Consumers Developers Economists Investors Jobseekers Media Public Policymakers Students & Teachers Survey Respondents   U.S. Economy Regions, States, & Areas Industries Videos Announcements BLS Speakers Available Commissioner's Corner Research Spotlight on Statistics Students' Pages Errata Other Statistical Sites Consumer Price Index Producer Price Indexes Import/Export Price Indexes Employment Cost Index Contract Escalation Price Index Research Inflation & Prices Overview   Employment Costs National Compensation Data Wages by Area & Occupation Earnings by Demographics Earnings by Industry County Wages Benefits Compensation Research Strikes & Lockouts
Pay & Benefits Overview   Consumer Expenditures
How Americans Spend Time Unemployment Research Unemployment Overview   National Employment
State & Local Employment
State & County Employment
Worker Characteristics
Employment Projections
Job Openings & Labor Turnover
Employment by Occupation
Work Experience Over Time
Business Employment Dynamics
Employment Research Employment Overview
Labor Productivity & Costs Multifactor Productivity Productivity Research Productivity Overview   International Technical Cooperation Import/Export Price Indexes International Overview   New England (Boston) New York-New Jersey (NY City) Mid-Atlantic (Philadelphia) Southeast (Atlanta) Midwest (Chicago) Southwest (Dallas) Mountain-Plains (Kansas City) West (San Francisco) Regional Overview Top Picks Series Report One Screen Multi-Screen Maps
Calculators Public Data API   Text Files News Release Tables   Restricted Data Access Discontinued Databases
FAQs Special Notices
More Sources of Data The Economics Daily Monthly Labor Review Beyond the Numbers Spotlight on Statistics Reports & Bulletins
Commissioner's Corner   Videos Career Outlook Occupational Outlook Handbook Handbook of Methods Research Papers
Copyright Information
Contact & Help
Latest Releases »   Major Economic Indicators »   Schedules for news Releases » By Month By News Release Current Year Prior Years   Archived News Releases » Monthly Quarterly, annual, and other   Inflation & Prices »   Pay & Benefits & Workplace Injuries »   Productivity & Technology »   Employment Projections »   International Programs »   Regional News Releases » Games & Quizzes Student Resources Teacher´s Desk History of BLS FAQs EN ESPAÑOL
Mathematicians
Summary
What They Do
Work Environment
How to Become One
Pay
Job Outlook
State & Area Data
Similar Occupations
More Info
Summary
Summary
Master's degree
None
None
3,500 21% (Much faster than average)
700 Mathematicians conduct research to develop and understand mathematical principles. They also analyze data and apply mathematical techniques to help solve real-world problems. Mathematicians work in the federal government and in private science and engineering research companies. They may work on teams with engineers, scientists, and other professionals. Mathematicians typically need at least a master’s degree in mathematics. However, some positions are available for those with a bachelor’s degree. The median annual wage for mathematicians was $105,810 in May 2016. Employment of mathematicians is projected to grow 21 percent from 2014 to 2024, much faster than the average for all occupations. Businesses will need mathematicians to analyze the increasing volume of digital and electronic data.
Explore resources for employment and wages by state and area for mathematicians.
Compare the job duties, education, job growth, and pay of mathematicians with similar occupations.
Learn more about mathematicians by visiting additional resources, including O*NET, a source on key characteristics of workers and occupations.
What Mathematicians Do Mathematicians conduct research to develop and understand mathematical principles. They also analyze data and apply mathematical techniques to help solve real-world problems. Duties Mathematicians typically do the following: Develop new mathematical rules, theories, and concepts in areas such as algebra and geometry Use mathematical formulas and models to prove or disprove theories Apply mathematical theories and techniques to solve practical problems in business, engineering, the sciences, and other fields Develop mathematical or statistical models to analyze data Interpret data and report conclusions drawn from their analyses Use data analysis to support and improve business decisions Read professional journals, talk with other mathematicians, and attend professional conferences to maintain their knowledge of current trends Despite the differences between applied and theoretical mathematics, these areas frequently overlap. Many mathematicians, particularly those in government or private industry, will use both applied and theoretical knowledge in their job duties.
Work Environment Mathematicians held about 3,500 jobs in 2014. The largest employers of mathematicians were as follows: Federal government 30% Scientific research and development services 16 Colleges, universities, and professional schools; state, local, and private 13 Finance and insurance 7 Manufacturing 5 Mathematicians typically work in offices. They also may work on teams with engineers, scientists, and other occupations. Work Schedules Most mathematicians work full time. Deadlines and last-minute requests for data or analysis may require overtime. In addition, mathematicians may have to travel to attend seminars and conferences. How to Become a Mathematician Mathematicians typically need at least a master’s degree in mathematics. However, some positions are available for those with a bachelor’s degree. Education In private industry, mathematicians typically need an advanced degree, either a master’s degree or a doctorate. For jobs with the federal government, candidates need at least a bachelor’s degree in mathematics or significant coursework in mathematics. Most colleges and universities offer a bachelor’s degree in mathematics. Courses usually include calculus, differential equations, and linear and abstract algebra. Many colleges and universities advise or require mathematics students to take courses in a related field, such as computer science, engineering, physics, or statistics. Because mathematicians often work with data analysis software, computer programming courses may be particularly beneficial for students. Students who are interested in becoming mathematicians should take as many math courses as possible in high school. Important Qualities
Pay
Median annual wages, May 2016
Mathematicians
$105,810
$105,810
$105,810
Mathematical science occupations
$81,750
$81,750
$81,750
Total, all occupations
$37,040
$37,040
$37,040
The median annual wage for mathematicians was $105,810 in May 2016.
The median wage is the wage at which half the workers in an occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $54,890, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $160,310.
In May 2016, the median annual wages for mathematicians in the top industries in which they worked were as follows: Scientific research and development services
$117,060
Manufacturing
115,180
Federal government
109,630
Finance and insurance
100,010
Colleges, universities, and professional schools; state, local, and private
54,840
Most mathematicians work full time. Deadlines and last-minute requests for data or analysis may require overtime. In addition, mathematicians may travel to attend seminars and conferences.
Job Outlook
Percent change in employment, projected 2014-24
Mathematical science occupations
28%
28%
28%
Mathematicians
21%
21%
21%
Total, all occupations
7%
7%
7%
Employment of mathematicians is projected to grow 21 percent from 2014 to 2024, much faster than the average for all occupations. However, because it is a small occupation, the fast growth will result in only about 700 new jobs over the 10-year period. The amount of digitally stored data will increase over the next decade as more people and companies conduct business online and use social media, smartphones, and other mobile devices. As a result, businesses will increasingly need mathematicians to analyze the large amount of information and data collected. Analyses will help companies improve their business processes, design and develop new products, and even advertise products to potential customers. Mathematicians also will be needed to help information security analysts create data-security systems to protect confidential information of individuals and businesses. Job Prospects Because the occupation is small and there are relatively few mathematician positions, strong competition for jobs is expected. Despite the strong competition for formal mathematician positions, many candidates with a background in advanced mathematical techniques and modeling will find good job opportunities in other, closely related fields. Those with a graduate degree in mathematics, very strong quantitative and data analysis skills, and a background in a related discipline, such as business, computer science, or statistics, should have the best job prospects. Computer programming skills also are important to many employers.
Employment projections data for
mathematicians, 2014-24
SOURCE: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment Projections program
SOURCE: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment Projections program
Mathematicians
15-2021 3,500 4,200 21 700
State & Area Data Occupational Employment Statistics (OES) Mathematicians
Projections Central Career InfoNet
Similar Occupations
This table shows a list of occupations with job duties that are similar to those of mathematicians. Actuaries analyze the financial costs of risk and uncertainty. They use mathematics, statistics, and financial theory to assess the risk that an event will occur, and they help businesses and clients develop policies that minimize the cost of that risk. Actuaries’ work is essential to the insurance industry.
Bachelor's degree $100,610 Computer programmers write and test code that allows computer applications and software programs to function properly. They turn the program designs created by software developers and engineers into instructions that a computer can follow.
Bachelor's degree $79,840 Computer systems analysts study an organization’s current computer systems and procedures and design information systems solutions to help the organization operate more efficiently and effectively. They bring business and information technology (IT) together by understanding the needs and limitations of both.
Bachelor's degree $87,220 Database administrators (DBAs) use specialized software to store and organize data, such as financial information and customer shipping records. They make sure that data are available to users and are secure from unauthorized access.
Bachelor's degree $84,950 Financial analysts provide guidance to businesses and individuals making investment decisions. They assess the performance of stocks, bonds, and other types of investments.
Bachelor's degree $81,760 Market research analysts study market conditions to examine potential sales of a product or service. They help companies understand what products people want, who will buy them, and at what price.
Bachelor's degree $62,560 Nuclear engineers research and develop the processes, instruments, and systems used to derive benefits from nuclear energy and radiation. Many of these engineers find industrial and medical uses for radioactive materials—for example, in equipment used in medical diagnosis and treatment.
Bachelor's degree $102,220 Operations research analysts use advanced mathematical and analytical methods to help organizations investigate complex issues, identify and solve problems, and make better decisions.
Bachelor's degree $79,200 Physicists and astronomers study the ways in which various forms of matter and energy interact. Theoretical physicists and astronomers may study the nature of time or the origin of the universe. Some physicists design and perform experiments with sophisticated equipment such as particle accelerators, electron microscopes, and lasers.
Doctoral or professional degree $114,870 Postsecondary teachers instruct students in a wide variety of academic and career and technical subjects beyond the high school level. They also conduct research and publish scholarly papers and books.
See How to Become One $75,430 Statisticians use statistical methods to collect and analyze data and to help solve real-world problems in business, engineering, healthcare, or other fields.
Master's degree $80,500 Survey researchers design and conduct surveys and analyze data. Surveys are used to collect factual data, such as employment and salary information, or to ask questions in order to understand people’s opinions, preferences, beliefs, or desires.
Master's degree $54,470
Contacts for More Information For more information about mathematicians, including training, especially for doctoral-level employment, visit American Mathematical Society For specific information on careers in applied mathematics, visit Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics For information on federal government requirements for mathematician positions, visit  U.S. Office of Personnel Management To find job openings for mathematicians in the federal government, visit USAJOBS CareerOneStop For a career video on mathematicians, visit Mathematicians O*NET Mathematicians What They Do Work Environment How to Become One Pay State & Area Data Job Outlook Similar Occupations Contacts for More Information 2016 Median Pay The wage at which half of the workers in the occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. Median wage data are from the BLS Occupational Employment Statistics survey. In May 2016, the median annual wage for all workers was $37,040. On-the-job Training Additional training needed (postemployment) to attain competency in the skills needed in this occupation. Entry-level Education Typical level of education that most workers need to enter this occupation. Work experience in a related occupation Work experience that is commonly considered necessary by employers, or is a commonly accepted substitute for more formal types of training or education. Number of Jobs, 2014 The employment, or size, of this occupation in 2014, which is the base year of the 2014-24 employment projections. Job Outlook, 2014-24 The projected percent change in employment from 2014 to 2024. The average growth rate for all occupations is 7 percent. Employment Change, 2014-24 The projected numeric change in employment from 2014 to 2024. Entry-level Education Typical level of education that most workers need to enter this occupation. On-the-job Training Additional training needed (postemployment) to attain competency in the skills needed in this occupation. Employment Change, projected 2014-24 The projected numeric change in employment from 2014 to 2024. Growth Rate (Projected) The percent change of employment for each occupation from 2014 to 2024. Projected Number of New Jobs The projected numeric change in employment from 2014 to 2024. Projected Growth Rate The projected percent change in employment from 2014 to 2024. 2016 Median Pay The wage at which half of the workers in the occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. Median wage data are from the BLS Occupational Employment Statistics survey. In May 2016, the median annual wage for all workers was $37,040. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn tools Areas at a Glance
Industries at a Glance
Economic Releases Databases & Tables Maps calculators Inflation Injury And Illness help Help & Tutorials FAQs Glossary About BLS Contact Us info What's New Careers @ BLS Find It! DOL Join our Mailing Lists Linking & Copyright Info resources Inspector General (OIG) Budget and Performance No Fear Act USA.gov Benefits.gov
Disability.gov 10.119.40.249 2601:484:c200:d598:30e5:7c7e:71e0:513f, 10.45.235.117, 23.45.235.159, 69.31.33.204 U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
|
Office of Occupational Statistics and Employment Projections, PSB Suite 2135, 2 Massachusetts Avenue, NE Washington, DC 20212-0001Mathematics and Computers in Simulation - Journal - Elsevier
Menu Search Search Search in: 0378-4754 Mathematics and Computers in Simulation Editor-in-Chief: Useful links ℹ
CiteScore measures the average citations received per document published in this title. CiteScore values are based on citation counts in a given year (e.g. 2015) to documents published in three previous calendar years (e.g. 2012 – 14), divided by the number of documents in these three previous years (e.g. 2012 – 14).
ℹ ℹ ℹ ℹ AudioSlides are short, 5-minute presentations in which the author explains their paper in their own words. This application lets readers explore data and other quantitative results submitted with the article, providing insights into and access to data that is otherwise buried in plots. Society Links ℹ Topics covered by the journal include mathematical tools in: The journal includes a Book Review section -- and a "News on IMACS" section that contains a Calendar of future Conferences/Events and other information about the Association. Mathematics and Computers in Simulation
ReadersMathematics Magazine | Mathematical Association of America
Home Math Careers Contact Us Login Search form Login Join Give Shops MAA Centennial MathDL Spotlight: Archives of American Mathematics MAA Presidents Congress Council and Committees Bylaws Board of Governors Handbook Policy on Conflict of Interest Statement about Conflict of Interest Recording or Broadcasting of MAA Events Policy for Establishing Endowments and Funds Welcoming Environment, Code of Ethics, and Whistleblower Policy Avoiding Implicit Bias Copyright Agreement Principal Investigator's Manual Advocacy The Second Century Campaign The MAA River of Bricks Planned Giving The Icosahedron Society Our Partners Advertise with MAA Employment Opportunities Staff Directory Contact Us Membership Categories Become a Member Membership Renewal NASA Federal Credit Union NASA Federal Credit Union MAA Member Lookup The American Mathematical Monthly Mathematics Magazine The College Mathematics Journal Browse How to Cite Communications in Visual Mathematics About Convergence What's in Convergence? Convergence Articles Mathematical Treasures Portrait Gallery Paul R. Halmos Photograph Collection Other Images Critics Corner Quotations Problems from Another Time Conference Calendar Guidelines for Convergence Authors MAA FOCUS Math Horizons Submissions to MAA Periodicals History of the MAA Journals Guide for Referees Browse Book Categories Book Series Browse Browse Examination Copies Examination Copies Browse MAA Library Recommendations Additional Sources for Math Book Reviews About MAA Reviews Mathematical Communication Information for Libraries Author Resources Advertise with MAA MAA Distinguished Lecture Series Past MAA Distinguished Lectures Future Meetings Invited Addresses Invited Paper Sessions Contributed Paper Sessions Panel Sessions Poster Sessions Workshops Minicourses Other Sessions Graduate Students Undergraduate Students SIGMAA Activities K-12 Activities Registration Rates Program Updates/Cancellations Social Events Schedule at a Glance Chronological Schedule About Chicago Committee Meetings Welcoming Environment Policy Program Abstract Book Sponsors and Exhibitors List Sponsors and Exhibitors List Hotel Discounts IBL Conference Joint Mathematics Meetings Proposal Deadlines MAA Policies Invited Paper Session Proposals Themed Contributed Paper Session Proposals Workshop, Panel, and Poster Session Proposals Minicourse Proposals MAA Section Meetings MAA Carriage House Schedule Rates and Room Capacities Meeting Request Form Catering MathFest Programs Archive MathFest Abstract Archive FAQs International Registrations AMC 8 AMC 10/12 Invitational Competitions Additional Competition Locations Important Dates for AMC Registration Putnam Competition Curriculum Inspirations Sliffe Award MAA K-12 Benefits Mailing List Requests Statistics & Awards Section Meetings Deadlines and Forms Programs and Services Policies and Procedures Section Resources Joining a SIGMAA Forming a SIGMAA History of SIGMAAs SIGMAA Officer Handbook SIGMAA Review Process Frequently Asked Questions Devlin's Angle Launchings Card Colm Teaching with Tech Teaching Tidbits MAAMinuteMath MAANumber A Day MAA Found Math Gallery 2015 MAA Found Math Gallery 2014 MAA Found Math Gallery 2013 MAA Found Math Gallery 2012 MAA Found Math Gallery 2011 MAA Found Math Gallery 2010 MAA Found Math Gallery 2009 MAA Found Math Gallery 2008 MAA Found Math Gallery 2007 Aftermath Mathematical Treasures MAA Books Mathematical Communication JMM MAA MathFest Section Meetings Student Travel Grants Semester and Summer Programs Opportunities to Present Information and Resources JMM Poster Session MathFest Student Paper Sessions Research Experiences for Undergraduates High School Undergraduate Graduate Reading List Reading List Competitions Curriculum Development & Resources Award Guidelines Committee on the Undergraduate Program in Mathematics CRAFTY Program Review Quantitative Literacy Survey and Reports Teaching and Learning Innovative Teaching Exchange Browse Browse Browse Browse Fellows Application Dates and Locations Past Programs Leadership Team Support Project NExT Section NExT Members INGenIOus Summary Report INGenIOus Full Report CoMInDS Members Project Overview Final Report OSTP White Paper Presentations Course Resources Industrial Math Case Studies Participating Faculty Workshop on Data Analytics Instructional Practices Guide StatPREP Strengthening Underrepresented Minority Mathematics Achievement (SUMMA) National Research Experience for Undergraduates Program (NREUP) Women and Mathematics Network Resources for Minority Faculty and Students Awards Booklets Carl B. Allendoerfer Awards Chauvenet Prizes Trevor Evans Awards Paul R. Halmos - Lester R. Ford Awards Merten M. Hasse Prize George Pólya Awards David P. Robbins Prize Beckenbach Book Prize Euler Book Prize Daniel Solow Author’s Award Henry L. Alder Award Deborah and Franklin Tepper Haimo Award Certificate of Merit Gung and Hu Distinguished Service JPBM Communications Award Meritorious Service Dolciani Award Morgan Prize Annie and John Selden Prize AMS-MAA-SIAM Gerald and Judith Porter Public Lecture AWM-MAA Falconer Lecture Hedrick Lectures James R. C. Leitzel Lecture Pólya Lecture Putnam Competition Individual and Team Winners Grant Proposal Writing Guide Apply for MAA Grant Archives Archives MAA Social Media RSS Math in the News On This Day You are here Mathematics Magazine Table Contents/Article Summaries Archive JSTOR All-Stars Submission of Problem Proposals and Solutions The MAA Press is excited to announce our new partnership with Submittable.com to process the problem and solution submissions for Mathematics Magazine. Submittable is a web-based manuscript management system that enables us to receive and process the problem and solution submissions, as well as track and archive all submissions and track and archive those who submit problems and solutions. We invite readers to submit original problems that will appeal to students and teachers of advanced undergraduate mathematics. Problem proposals must be accompanied by solutions and any bibliographical information that will assist in their review. A problem submitted as a Quickie should have an unexpected, succinct solution. Submitted problems should not be under consideration for publication elsewhere. . More detailed instructions are available there. We hope that this online system will help streamline our editorial team's workflow while still proving accessible and convenient to longtime readers and contributors. We encourage submissions in PDF format, ideally accompanied by
, Problems Editor, Department of Mathematics, The University of Texas at San Antonio, 1
circle, San Antonio, TX 78249. Please not that physical manuscripts are not the preferred method of submission and correspondents are encouraged to submit their manuscripts electronically if possible. If necessary, prepare Secondary Files for submission. Secondary Files are typically those used to create the Primary File, including TeX/LaTeX source files (plus possibly a BBL bibliography file) and figures in EPS/PDF/JPG/PNG/GIF/TIFF format. Other Secondary File formats include DOC/DOCX, RTF, ODT, WPD/WPF and TXT, to the extent that they are needed to create the Primary File. (Note: While the web form will not enforce submission of Secondary Files, authors are strongly encouraged to provide all files needed to prepare their contribution for publication. Subsequent delay or failure to provide secondary source files upon request from the editors may result in rejection.) Follow the instructions to fill the web form and upload your Primary File and applicable Secondary Files. Click the Submit button at the bottom of the page to send us your contribution and receive a confirmation message by e-mail. Contact The Harmony of the World: 75 Years of Mathematics Magazine Read more.   Dummy View - NOT TO BE DELETED MAA Press The American Mathematical Monthly Mathematics Magazine The College Mathematics Journal Loci/JOMA Convergence MAA FOCUS Math Horizons Submissions to MAA Periodicals History of the MAA Journals Guide for Referees Books eBooks Textbooks MAA Reviews Mathematical Communication Information for Libraries Author Resources Advertise with MAA   Quick Links MAA Store Become a Member   Register for AMC Mobile Editions of MAA Journals Do you like to read your MAA journals on the go? Use these links to read the latest issues of MAA journals on your mobile device. This service is available to MAA members only. Members will be asked to log in with their MAA username and password. Member Publications As a member of MAA  you have access to premier publications like:  The American Mathematical Monthly The College Mathematics Journal Mathematics Magazine If you are a member already, please log in to your member profile and proceed to 'My Subscriptions' to read the MAA periodicals online. Join MAA MAA Reviews MAA History Governance Policies and Procedures Advocacy Support MAA Our Partners Advertise with MAA Employment Opportunities Staff Directory Contact Us Membership Categories Become a Member Membership Renewal Member Discount Programs MAA Member Lookup The American Mathematical Monthly Mathematics Magazine The College Mathematics Journal Loci/JOMA Convergence MAA FOCUS Math Horizons Submissions to MAA Periodicals History of the MAA Journals Guide for Referees Books eBooks Textbooks MAA Reviews Mathematical Communication Information for Libraries Author Resources Advertise with MAA Calendar of Events MAA MathFest 2017 Joint Mathematics Meetings Propose a Session MAA Section Meetings Carriage House Meeting Space MathFest Archive About AMC AMC 8 AMC 10/12 Invitational Competitions Additional Competition Locations Important Dates for AMC Registration Putnam Competition AMC Resources Statistics & Awards MAA Sections SIGMAAs Blogs Students High School Teachers Faculty and Departments Underrepresented Groups MAA Awards MAA Grants MAA Math Alert MAA Social Media RSS Math in the News On This Day Connect with MAA Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS GooglePlus Copyright © 2017 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Mobile VersionShanghaiRanking's Global Ranking of Academic Subjects 2017 - Mathematics | Shanghai Ranking - 2017
Home About Us About ARWU Int'l Advisory Board 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 Subject Ranking 2016 Results Methodology Participate in this survey Universities GRUP 2017 2015 2015 2015 2015 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015-2016 2013-2014 2011-2012 2014 2015 Conference Resources Sign up to our newsletter Download our media kit Home>> Global Ranking of Academic Subjects>> Mathematics ShanghaiRanking's Global Ranking of Academic Subjects 2017 - Mathematics Methodology 1 Princeton University 349.9 66.7 71 60.9 100 100 2 New York University 286.4 60 73.2 69.9 65 74.3 3 Pierre and Marie
Curie University - Paris 6 284 100 64.5 69.5 73.4 32.2 4 Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) 282.1 77.7 70 61.6 89.9 32.2 5 University of Paris-Sud (Paris 11) 277.9 69.1 58.5 69.4 62 74.3 6 University of California, Los Angeles 264.3 62.8 66.3 69.3 76 45.5 7 University of Cambridge 263.3 64.8 63.2 74.3 67.9 52.5 8 Stanford University 263.2 63.9 72.4 62.1 62 52.5 9 The University of Texas at Austin 250.9 62 71.6 65.2 58.8 45.5 10 University of Oxford 248.8 73.3 63.9 73.5 70.7 26.3 11 The Hebrew University of Jerusalem 242.6 50.6 56.6 77.3 87.7 32.2 12 University of California, Berkeley 241.3 69.3 65.2 62.9 67.9 26.3 13 Stony Brook University 231 44.2 60.5 59.2 62 52.5 14 University of Chicago 230.9 57.3 70.6 65.6 89.9 0 15 University of Warwick 229.4 56.4 61.4 76.3 43.9 52.5 16 Harvard University 227 46 66.9 59.5 65 37.1 17 University of Wisconsin - Madison 225.5 57.8 65.2 67.3 51.9 37.1 18 University of California, San Diego 221.2 56.3 63.4 66 62 26.3 19 Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey - New Brunswick 213.4 55.1 59.3 69.2 48 37.1 20 Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich 210.4 63.8 65 82.8 65 0 21 The Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine 208.9 60.2 67.7 79.2 65 0 22 Kyoto University 208.1 68.5 57.8 58.4 43.9 26.3 23 Columbia University 207.2 56.1 71 61 67.9 0 24 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 205 71.8 54 68.4 39.2 26.3 25 University Paris Diderot - Paris 7 204 66.5 64.3 71.9 58.8 0 26 KTH Royal Institute of Technology 200.6 44 56.8 75.3 39.2 45.5 27 University of Toronto 193.1 61.2 57.6 77.1 58.8 0 28 King Abdulaziz University 192.8 96 77.9 94.8 0 0 29 Texas A&M University 190.3 62.1 62.5 69.3 51.9 0 30 University of Michigan-Ann Arbor 188.7 65.3 56.3 57.9 55.5 0 31 Brown University 187.8 49.7 66.5 63.9 58.8 0 32 University of Bonn 186.7 59.6 64.5 72.6 48 0 33 The University of Edinburgh 186.5 48.3 63 76.2 27.7 32.2 34 Paris Dauphine University (Paris 9) 185.7 41 66.3 67.8 27.7 37.1 35 Ecole Normale Superieure - Paris 182.7 45.3 69.8 78.7 51.9 0 36 Peking University 182.5 67.2 60.7 53.7 43.9 0 37 University of Geneva 182.3 32 61.4 78.4 27.7 45.5 37 University of Vienna 182.3 65.1 62.5 77.3 39.2 0 39 Ecole Normale Superieure - Lyon 178.4 35.6 63.4 66.3 34 32.2 40 University of Bristol 178 48.6 62.1 77.4 51.9 0 41 The Ohio State University - Columbus 175.9 53.7 57.3 65 51.9 0 42 University of Helsinki 175.7 47.2 68.8 79.7 43.9 0 43 Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne 175.6 56.6 62.5 86.2 39.2 0 44 University of Minnesota, Twin Cities 174.4 59.5 63.4 61.3 39.2 0 45 Aix Marseille University 174.2 67.9 57.1 76 34 0 45 California Institute of Technology 174.2 43.8 73.9 62.9 43.9 0 47 Indiana University Bloomington 173.3 49 55.1 68.6 55.5 0 48 McGill University 172.2 46.8 61.2 81 48 0 49 University of Seville 171.6 62.8 60 74.5 34 0 50 National University of Singapore 171.2 51.1 58.5 88.6 43.9 0 51-75 Autonomous University of Madrid 46.5 66.7 74.1 39.2 0 51-75 City University of Hong Kong 50.2 72.4 67.4 27.7 0 51-75 Claude Bernard University Lyon 1 58.9 55.3 72.6 34 0 51-75 Ecole Centrale Lyon 54.6 56.1 72.4 34 0 51-75 Ecole Polytechnique 61 63.9 74.5 19.6 0 51-75 Georgia Institute of Technology 60.1 60.7 69.5 34 0 51-75 INSA Lyon 56.1 59.5 71.9 34 0 51-75 KU Leuven 63.5 65.8 78.7 19.6 0 51-75 Moscow State University 98.4 40.9 44 19.6 0 51-75 Northwestern University 41.2 60.2 55.9 51.9 0 51-75 Paul Sabatier University (Toulouse 3) 53.7 61.6 71.2 34 0 51-75 Pennsylvania State University - University Park 61 57.6 69.7 27.7 0 51-75 Purdue University - West Lafayette 60.4 57.8 68.4 34 0 51-75 Rice University 40 75.1 58.5 34 0 51-75 Technion-Israel Institute of Technology 64.9 58.1 72.4 27.7 0 51-75 Tel Aviv University 65.1 52.4 74 34 0 51-75 The Chinese University of Hong Kong 52.4 68.6 72.7 27.7 0 51-75 Tsinghua University 68.4 55.6 60.2 27.7 0 51-75 University of British Columbia 59.9 65.4 77.2 27.7 0 51-75 University of Florida 48.2 57.3 63.3 19.6 32.2 51-75 University of Pennsylvania 41.5 60 58.8 48 0 51-75 University of Rennes 1 45 61.2 67.4 43.9 0 51-75 University of Science and Technology of China 59.4 59 59.1 39.2 0 51-75 University of Washington 50.9 62.1 65.2 43.9 0 51-75 Weizmann Institute of Science 46.4 53.2 78.9 43.9 0 76-100 Autonomous University of Barcelona 58 57.1 78.5 27.7 0 76-100 Jean Monnet University 55.2 55.3 72.7 34 0 76-100 Michigan State University 50.4 65.2 72.2 19.6 0 76-100 Paris 13 University 43.4 54.8 71.7 39.2 0 76-100 Seoul National University 51.7 56.8 67.8 27.7 0 76-100 Shanghai Jiao Tong University 65.3 58.5 61.2 19.6 0 76-100 The Australian National University 45.6 64.3 81.3 27.7 0 76-100 The University of New South Wales 50.4 63.6 80.2 19.6 0 76-100 Université Grenoble Alpes 59.3 55.8 64.1 27.7 0 76-100 University College London 39.5 56.1 76.8 39.2 0 76-100 University of Arizona 34.4 59 69.7 48 0 76-100 University of California, Irvine 46.9 59.7 67.1 34 0 76-100 University of Erlangen-Nuremberg 42.2 66.9 74.2 27.7 0 76-100 University of Granada 60.1 61.2 68.2 19.6 0 76-100 University of Illinois at Chicago 45.3 55.8 63.3 43.9 0 76-100 University of Lisbon 70.5 51.1 77.3 19.6 0 76-100 University of Lorraine 57.1 50.5 76.4 27.7 0 76-100 University of Maryland, College Park 51.5 57.8 68.7 34 0 76-100 University of Muenster 47.6 56.6 67.8 34 0 76-100 University of Nice Sophia Antipolis 46.1 62.8 71.1 27.7 0 76-100 University of Roma - Tor Vergata 51.6 60 68.8 27.7 0 76-100 University of Waterloo 62.2 49.6 77.1 27.7 0 76-100 University of Zurich 37.4 65 79.9 39.2 0 76-100 Yale University 39.7 63.4 54.3 43.9 0 76-100 Zhejiang University 71.5 52.1 56.9 19.6 0 101-150 Beijing Normal University 63.2 64.8 53.2 0 0 101-150 Bielefeld University 45.1 60 79.2 19.6 0 101-150 Boston College 23.2 62.1 46.3 48 0 101-150 Chongqing University 54.9 56.3 38.1 27.7 0 101-150 Eindhoven University of Technology 42.4 62.1 81 19.6 0 101-150 Eotvos Lorand University 49.2 43.9 65.6 34 0 101-150 Harbin Institute of Technology 70.8 61.6 48.8 0 0 101-150 Humboldt University of Berlin 46.9 59.7 81.2 19.6 0 101-150 Islamic Azad University 78.3 56.8 61 0 0 101-150 Johns Hopkins University 33.9 61.4 60.6 34 0 101-150 Nagoya University 44.3 56.3 56.9 27.7 0 101-150 National Autonomous University of Mexico 62.3 48.2 75.8 19.6 0 101-150 National Research University - Higher School of Economics 51.1 54.8 64.9 27.7 0 101-150 Norwegian University of Science and Technology - NTNU 39.6 63.6 79.2 27.7 0 101-150 Polytechnic University of Turin 42.6 71.8 67.5 19.6 0 101-150 Queensland University of Technology 23.3 100 91 0 0 101-150 Saint Petersburg State University 54.6 51.3 59.2 27.7 0 101-150 Sapienza University of Rome 69 61.8 70.7 0 0 101-150 Scuola Normale Superiore - Pisa 37.3 73 73.4 19.6 0 101-150 Sun Yat-sen University 58.6 55.1 53.1 19.6 0 101-150 Technical University Munich 48.1 61.6 75.2 19.6 0 101-150 Tohoku University 48.7 50.2 57 27.7 0 101-150 University at Buffalo, the State University of New York 26.5 65.6 58 39.2 0 101-150 University of Alberta 48.6 59.7 78.7 19.6 0 101-150 University of Bologna 51 57.3 69.7 19.6 0 101-150 University of Bordeaux 47.2 55.1 77.5 27.7 0 101-150 University of Caen Lower Normandy 30.2 65.6 68.4 39.2 0 101-150 University of California, Davis 39 70.4 62 27.7 0 101-150 University of Chile 45.4 63 81 19.6 0 101-150 University of Duisburg-Essen 41.4 58.5 73.9 34 0 101-150 University of Florence 50.4 56.1 67.4 19.6 0 101-150 University of Freiburg 35.8 71.6 70.7 19.6 0 101-150 University of Iowa 46.7 55.3 71.6 27.7 0 101-150 University of Kaiserslautern 39.2 57.6 68.5 27.7 0 101-150 University of Kentucky 36.6 61.2 67.7 27.7 0 101-150 University of Koeln 40 58.5 79.6 27.7 0 101-150 University of Leeds 43.6 53.8 76.6 27.7 0 101-150 University of Milan 53.9 75.6 74.2 0 0 101-150 University of Milan - Bicocca 43.8 60.9 66.7 19.6 0 101-150 University of Missouri - Columbia 42.9 63 62.1 27.7 0 101-150 University of Montreal 42.8 57.1 73.7 27.7 0 101-150 University of Padua 55.9 56.6 66.2 19.6 0 101-150 University of Southern California 37 60.7 63.5 39.2 0 101-150 University of Utah 39.7 61.6 66.4 34 0 101-150 University of Warsaw 60 52.1 69.2 19.6 0 101-150 Uppsala University 41.4 60.7 78.5 27.7 0 101-150 Vanderbilt University 39.2 57.3 67.8 27.7 0 101-150 Vienna University of Technology 48.4 61.4 77.8 19.6 0 101-150 Wayne State University 39.2 66.1 73 19.6 0 101-150 Wuhan University 55 57.8 49.6 19.6 0 151-200 Aarhus University 37.7 54.3 85.9 27.7 0 151-200 Atilim University 39.1 76.9 80.7 0 0 151-200 Beni Suef University 24.4 90.5 88.5 0 0 151-200 Cankaya University 33.8 84.5 92.6 0 0 151-200 Central South University 60.3 65 37.4 0 0 151-200 Chalmers University of Technology 36.7 59.5 79.6 19.6 0 151-200 Charles University in Prague 69.1 51.9 76.9 0 0 151-200 Cornell University 48.8 54.5 61.6 19.6 0 151-200 Duke University 36 66.9 66.9 19.6 0 151-200 Fudan University 66 58.1 56.9 0 0 151-200 Heriot-Watt University 38.8 59 75 19.6 0 151-200 Kent State University 35.3 62.1 72.7 19.6 0 151-200 King Saud University 52.1 63.6 80.7 0 0 151-200 Nankai University 61.6 60.2 48.9 0 0 151-200 National Taiwan University 46 53.2 68.6 19.6 0 151-200 Osaka University 50.7 52.7 60.7 19.6 0 151-200 Polytechnic Institute of Milan 52.4 67.3 71.9 0 0 151-200 Polytechnic University of Catalonia 57.5 58.3 75.5 0 0 151-200 Shandong University 70.2 52.1 48.6 0 0 151-200 Shanghai University 64.8 55.8 51.9 0 0 151-200 Sichuan University 58.9 48.8 45.3 19.6 0 151-200 Simon Fraser University 42.3 55.8 77.2 19.6 0 151-200 Southeast University 59 66.1 50.8 0 0 151-200 Sungkyunkwan University 40.8 74.5 80.6 0 0 151-200 The Hong Kong Polytechnic University 46.5 74.1 65 0 0 151-200 The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 31.5 61.4 76.1 27.7 0 151-200 The University of Auckland 42.2 55.3 87.6 19.6 0 151-200 The University of Manchester 45.6 51.3 72.5 19.6 0 151-200 The University of Tokyo 64.4 56.6 56.9 0 0 151-200 University of Barcelona 42.7 53 69 27.7 0 151-200 University of Buenos Aires 45.1 47.6 69.2 27.7 0 151-200 University of Calabria 34.2 86.6 66.4 0 0 151-200 University of California, Riverside 37.2 65.8 65.6 19.6 0 151-200 University of Cergy-Pontoise 33.2 68.4 61.8 19.6 0 151-200 University of Colorado at Boulder 40.7 64.8 61.9 19.6 0 151-200 University of Connecticut 35.6 59.5 56.9 27.7 0 151-200 University of Copenhagen 38.4 61.4 78.5 19.6 0 151-200 University of Goettingen 38.4 61.4 74.3 19.6 0 151-200 University of Hannover 43.1 58.5 70 19.6 0 151-200 University of Leipzig 33.9 55.3 78.6 27.7 0 151-200 University of Massachusetts Amherst 32.2 62.8 70.1 27.7 0 151-200 University of Miami 25.2 65.4 78.1 27.7 0 151-200 University of Nebraska - Lincoln 37.2 65.2 67.2 19.6 0 151-200 University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Campus 42.4 57.6 62.1 19.6 0 151-200 University of Sao Paulo 66.7 51.9 74.5 0 0 151-200 University of Sydney 42.9 54.8 76.7 19.6 0 151-200 University of Valencia 44.9 51.3 80.5 19.6 0 151-200 University of Victoria 46.3 71.6 84.9 0 0 151-200 Utrecht University 35.3 52.7 78.6 27.7 0 151-200 Yeungnam University 25.6 92.5 76 0 0 201-300 Adam Mickiewicz University 42.6 53.2 74.8 19.6 0 201-300 Aligarh Muslim University 42.8 60.9 80.7 0 0 201-300 Amirkabir University of Technology 45.3 65 46.5 0 0 201-300 Babeș-Bolyai University 53.7 57.8 71 0 0 201-300 Brandeis University 24.8 63.6 64.6 27.7 0 201-300 Brunel University 24.6 58.3 87.2 19.6 0 201-300 Budapest University of Technology and Economics 36.7 46.7 60.8 34 0 201-300 Cardiff University 26.2 60.7 80 19.6 0 201-300 Carlos III University of Madrid 40.5 64.3 78.4 0 0 201-300 Catholic University of Chile 33.5 55.8 79.7 19.6 0 201-300 Complutense University of Madrid 53.9 57.3 73 0 0 201-300 Concordia University 29.5 55.6 76.5 19.6 0 201-300 Curtin University 34.6 65.8 89.8 0 0 201-300 Dalian University of Technology 62.6 51.9 41.1 0 0 201-300 Donghua University 34.5 78.4 53.9 0 0 201-300 East China Normal University 60 50.8 48.4 0 0 201-300 Ecole des Ponts ParisTech 27.4 62.1 58.6 19.6 0 201-300 Guizhou University 27.4 80.4 53.4 0 0 201-300 Gyeongsang National University 47.3 58.1 92.6 0 0 201-300 Hong Kong Baptist University 38.6 71.6 53.8 0 0 201-300 Huazhong University of Science and Technology 52 61.4 47.8 0 0 201-300 Indian Institute of Science 37 47.6 57.2 27.7 0 201-300 Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis 23.3 63 84.1 19.6 0 201-300 Institut National Polytechnique de Grenoble 37.4 56.6 64.3 19.6 0 201-300 International School for Advanced Studies 37.7 71.2 68.4 0 0 201-300 Jagiellonian University 56.4 52.4 67.7 0 0 201-300 King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals 50.6 56.8 79.9 0 0 201-300 Lanzhou University 52.9 63 43.6 0 0 201-300 Leiden University 33.3 47.9 82.2 27.7 0 201-300 LILLE 1 University - Science and Technology 54 51.1 74.1 0 0 201-300 Loughborough University 29.2 55.8 82 19.6 0 201-300 Nanjing University 59.6 59 49.5 0 0 201-300 Newcastle University 24.1 53.5 81.9 27.7 0 201-300 Novosibirsk State University 51.8 49.9 46 19.6 0 201-300 Pohang University of Science and Technology 37 56.1 70.4 19.6 0 201-300 Polytechnic University of Valencia 55.9 55.8 68 0 0 201-300 Quaid-i-Azam University 33.6 70.6 83.4 0 0 201-300 Radboud University Nijmegen 27.6 52.4 81.4 27.7 0 201-300 Roma Tre University 35.8 57.6 70 19.6 0 201-300 RWTH Aachen University 53.8 54.5 73.7 0 0 201-300 Second University of Naples 27.5 58.5 65.4 19.6 0 201-300 Shanghai Normal University 49.9 59.3 58.6 0 0 201-300 South China Normal University 61.1 52.7 37.1 0 0 201-300 Syracuse University 29 58.3 72.2 27.7 0 201-300 Technical University of Berlin 53.4 60.5 75.1 0 0 201-300 Texas A&M University Kingsville 32.6 76 100 0 0 201-300 The University of Calgary 40.2 42.6 82.4 19.6 0 201-300 The University of Georgia 34.3 53.5 54.9 19.6 0 201-300 The University of Western Australia 38.8 53.8 85.8 19.6 0 201-300 Universita Mediterranea di Reggio Calabria 27 88.3 74.1 0 0 201-300 Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB) 39.8 60.7 88.5 0 0 201-300 Universite Paris-Est Marne-la-Vallee 38.3 67.7 73.8 0 0 201-300 University of Aberdeen 34.6 56.8 75.7 19.6 0 201-300 University of Amsterdam 37.3 56.6 77.6 19.6 0 201-300 University of Aveiro 42.7 60 80.6 0 0 201-300 University of Basel 26.3 65.2 83.1 19.6 0 201-300 University of Bayreuth 30 60.7 69.2 19.6 0 201-300 University of Belgrade 52.9 60.7 72.7 0 0 201-300 University of Bergen 39.7 63.9 86.8 0 0 201-300 University of Bucharest 59.5 46.1 66.6 0 0 201-300 University of Burgundy 33.6 53.8 75.9 19.6 0 201-300 University of California, Santa Cruz 25.8 58.8 72.7 19.6 0 201-300 University of Frankfurt 33.8 61.4 74.9 19.6 0 201-300 University of Genoa 35.9 53.5 63.1 19.6 0 201-300 University of Gothenburg 32.9 60.2 77.5 19.6 0 201-300 University of Haifa 43.4 50.2 77.7 19.6 0 201-300 University of Hamburg 38 48.5 62.8 19.6 0 201-300 University of Jyvaskyla 38.7 64.3 78.6 0 0 201-300 University of Liverpool 35.9 51.3 81.6 19.6 0 201-300 University of Ljubljana 57.2 56.1 77.5 0 0 201-300 University of Maribor 38.1 65.8 75.8 0 0 201-300 University of Munich 43.7 66.1 69.4 0 0 201-300 University of Naples Federico II 48.2 62.3 59.3 0 0 201-300 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 35.2 57.8 61.7 19.6 0 201-300 University of Oklahoma - Norman 29.3 56.1 65.8 27.7 0 201-300 University of Ottawa 38.2 48.5 67.9 19.6 0 201-300 University of Palermo 39 73.4 78.5 0 0 201-300 University of Parma 33.1 83 60.9 0 0 201-300 University of Pavia 41.4 71.6 75.7 0 0 201-300 University of Perugia 36.1 72.4 67 0 0 201-300 University of Pisa 52.4 57.1 69.9 0 0 201-300 University of Poitiers 31.7 56.3 77.1 19.6 0 201-300 University of Regensburg 33.6 59.5 72.8 19.6 0 201-300 University of Santiago Compostela 40.6 66.7 77 0 0 201-300 University of South Florida 32.4 76.9 67.3 0 0 201-300 University of Southampton 37 51.9 77.9 19.6 0 201-300 University of Strasbourg 43.7 51.3 68.4 19.6 0 201-300 University of Toulouse 1 36.3 68.4 74.9 0 0 201-300 University of Tuebingen 34.6 52.1 67.5 19.6 0 201-300 University of Ulm 33.4 52.4 75.1 19.6 0 201-300 University of Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines 30 56.1 72 19.6 0 201-300 University of Virginia 33.8 60.7 71 19.6 0 201-300 University of Wroclaw 38.1 51.3 66.5 19.6 0 201-300 University of York 27.9 51.1 74.4 27.7 0 201-300 Vilnius University 44.7 45.8 50.2 19.6 0 201-300 Xiamen University 58.5 56.1 49.3 0 0 201-300 Xian Jiao Tong University 57.8 53 47.4 0 0 201-300 Xiangtan University 37.9 70.6 51.6 0 0 201-300 York University 37.4 56.8 79.8 19.6 0 201-300 Zhejiang Normal University 54.3 55.1 52.9 0 0 301-400 Aalto University 38.8 60.2 77.5 0 0 301-400 AGH University of Science and Technology 41.2 56.3 68.3 0 0 301-400 Arizona State University 40.5 56.3 70 0 0 301-400 Beihang University 49.9 55.8 47.4 0 0 301-400 Beijing Institute of Technology 49.4 52.7 51.9 0 0 301-400 Ben-Gurion University of the Negev 51.1 51.6 72.9 0 0 301-400 Binghamton University 23.2 47.9 57.1 27.7 0 301-400 Brigham Young University 33.2 51.1 59.5 19.6 0 301-400 Cairo University 29.9 64.5 79.9 0 0 301-400 Carnegie Mellon University 47.3 52.4 65.6 0 0 301-400 Chemnitz University of Technology 37.4 58.3 68.5 0 0 301-400 College of
William and Mary 36.1 61.4 74.8 0 0 301-400 Colorado State University 29.9 51.1 67.4 19.6 0 301-400 COMSATS Institute of Information Technology (CIIT) 44.1 49.9 76.6 0 0 301-400 Federal University of Rio de Janeiro 48.6 49.9 71.3 0 0 301-400 Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul 24.3 54.3 69.5 19.6 0 301-400 Free University Berlin 44.9 53.5 74.8 0 0 301-400 Ghent University 52.4 49.1 69.2 0 0 301-400 Graz University of Technology 41.1 58.3 80.7 0 0 301-400 Henan Polytech University 41.8 65.2 40.4 0 0 301-400 Huazhong Normal University 45.2 59.7 48.5 0 0 301-400 INSA Toulouse 35.9 64.3 74.3 0 0 301-400 Jiangnan University 29.7 70 48.6 0 0 301-400 Jilin University 53 51.6 39.5 0 0 301-400 Johannes Kepler University Linz 40.8 60 71 0 0 301-400 Kaohsiung Medical University 34.4 60.7 96.4 0 0 301-400 King Abdullah University of Science and Technology 31.5 67.3 91.8 0 0 301-400 King Mongkuts University of Technology Thonburi 31.8 66.7 61.6 0 0 301-400 King's College London 32.7 48.5 79.7 19.6 0 301-400 Kyungpook National University 39.6 58.1 62.8 0 0 301-400 Kyushu University 44.6 55.3 49.8 0 0 301-400 Lahore University of Management Sciences 24.5 71.6 89.1 0 0 301-400 Laval University 26.4 52.1 83.2 19.6 0 301-400 Louisiana State University - Baton Rouge 42.8 54.8 63.5 0 0 301-400 Mansoura University 34.9 64.8 77.2 0 0 301-400 Memorial University of Newfoundland 34.5 63.4 86.1 0 0 301-400 Missouri University of Science and Technology 27.4 65.8 85.9 0 0 301-400 Nanjing Normal University 54.9 49.1 35.4 0 0 301-400 Nanjing University of Science and Technology 36.4 62.8 53.3 0 0 301-400 Nanyang Technological University 48.9 49.4 81.9 0 0 301-400 National Sun Yat-Sen University 37.5 59 87.5 0 0 301-400 National Technical University of Athens 41.5 58.3 83.7 0 0 301-400 National Tsing Hua University 35 45.2 63 19.6 0 301-400 National University of Ireland, Galway 36.9 56.3 89.1 0 0 301-400 Nicolaus Copernicus University 38.5 66.5 58.3 0 0 301-400 North Carolina State University - Raleigh 45.6 53.8 66.3 0 0 301-400 Northeastern University(China) 39.6 62.1 45.4 0 0 301-400 Oklahoma State University 30.9 69.8 56.6 0 0 301-400 Paris 12 Val de Marne University 34.8 65.2 77.8 0 0 301-400 Shanxi Normal University 23 77.7 55.6 0 0 301-400 South China University of Technology 41.8 57.6 49.4 0 0 301-400 Southwest University 44.7 59.5 47.1 0 0 301-400 Swansea University 28.9 65 80.6 0 0 301-400 Technical University of Denmark 31.5 66.7 86 0 0 301-400 Temple University 27.4 52.4 61.1 19.6 0 301-400 The University of Texas at Arlington 28.5 67.1 79.6 0 0 301-400 Tianjin Polytechnic University 44.1 62.3 57.7 0 0 301-400 Tokyo Institute of Technology 43.4 53.8 61.5 0 0 301-400 Tongji University 51.6 57.8 42.1 0 0 301-400 Universidad Tecnica Federico Santa Maria 27 66.7 81.4 0 0 301-400 Universite Toulouse Jean Jaures 34.7 65.2 73.5 0 0 301-400 University of Bari 32.1 69.6 62.7 0 0 301-400 University of Bern 25.1 53.2 75 19.6 0 301-400 University of Birmingham 41.3 55.3 77.7 0 0 301-400 University of Bochum 29.1 53.8 73.1 19.6 0 301-400 University of Brasília 34.9 47.6 61.1 19.6 0 301-400 University of California, Santa Barbara 37.9 61.2 63.8 0 0 301-400 University of Campinas 50.7 53.8 61.4 0 0 301-400 University of Cantabria 29.1 51.6 75.1 19.6 0 301-400 University of Catania 40 58.8 62.7 0 0 301-400 University of Central Florida 37 60.5 71.5 0 0 301-400 University of Coimbra 44.9 51.9 79.3 0 0 301-400 University of Duesseldorf 24.8 47.9 73 27.7 0 301-400 University of Electronic Science and Technology of China 51.2 57.3 42.6 0 0 301-400 University of Graz 35.2 63.6 81.7 0 0 301-400 University of Houston 37.8 60.7 73 0 0 301-400 University of Ioannina 31.8 66.1 89.9 0 0 301-400 University of Jena 42.2 61.4 71.6 0 0 301-400 University of L'Aquila 31.3 67.1 70.4 0 0 301-400 University of Marrakech Cadi Ayyad 26.6 69.2 86.3 0 0 301-400 University of Messina 37.2 60.2 65.3 0 0 301-400 University of Montpellier 47.3 54.5 68.8 0 0 301-400 University of Nantes 34.1 47.3 73.3 19.6 0 301-400 University of Nis 45.9 56.3 65.3 0 0 301-400 University of Notre Dame 43.5 60 63.8 0 0 301-400 University of Oregon 37 60.9 63.5 0 0 301-400 University of Oslo 39.4 56.8 76.2 0 0 301-400 University of Oulu 29.1 70.2 69.5 0 0 301-400 University of Rouen 27 50.8 79.5 19.6 0 301-400 University of Strathclyde 31.7 62.3 80.9 0 0 301-400 University of Surrey 27.2 54.3 75.6 19.6 0 301-400 University of the Basque Country 39.4 56.3 73.5 0 0 301-400 University of the Republic - Uruguay 25.2 49.6 77.5 19.6 0 301-400 University of Turin 42.1 57.3 59.7 0 0 301-400 University of Wollongong 27.7 66.1 80.9 0 0 301-400 University of Zagreb 55.4 48.8 68 0 0 301-400 University of Zaragoza 44 51.6 68.8 0 0 301-400 Utah State University 26.2 75.3 78.4 0 0 301-400 Waseda University 43.1 59.7 57.8 0 0 301-400 Washington University in St. Louis 29.2 48.5 60.9 27.7 0 301-400 Wilfrid Laurier University 23.5 70.2 91.3 0 0 401-500 Alexandru Ioan Cuza University 43.8 47.9 63.5 0 0 401-500 Anhui University 38.4 60.5 32.3 0 0 401-500 Bar-Ilan University 41.8 50.8 70.6 0 0 401-500 Baylor University 30.7 60.2 75.2 0 0 401-500 Beijing Jiaotong University 42.6 53.2 56.6 0 0 401-500 Boston University 28.9 47.9 59.5 19.6 0 401-500 Brescia University 28.5 66.7 69.2 0 0 401-500 Capital Normal University 41.5 53.2 48.8 0 0 401-500 China University of Mining and Technology (Xuzhou) 41.9 59.5 34.8 0 0 401-500 Chung-Ang University 24.4 71.2 58.4 0 0 401-500 Comenius University in Bratislava 31.5 60.2 80 0 0 401-500 Delft University of Technology 35.7 53.2 80.5 0 0 401-500 Durham University 38.5 48.8 77.4 0 0 401-500 Emory University 32.7 57.6 64.5 0 0 401-500 Fatih University 28.6 65.8 69.4 0 0 401-500 Florida State University 30.8 60.2 65.3 0 0 401-500 GH Asachi Technical University 26.6 63.2 73.7 0 0 401-500 Hangzhou Normal University 36.8 56.6 50.1 0 0 401-500 Heidelberg University 38.1 50.5 64.2 0 0 401-500 Henan Normal University 43.2 54 36.4 0 0 401-500 Hiroshima University 38.4 51.6 55.9 0 0 401-500 Hunan University 46.1 54.3 44.3 0 0 401-500 Indian Statistical Institute 45 47 59.8 0 0 401-500 INHA University 29.1 61.2 78.2 0 0 401-500 Iran University of Science & Technology 37.4 56.8 57.7 0 0 401-500 Jiangsu Normal University 40.6 53.8 44.6 0 0 401-500 Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) 41.9 53 69.4 0 0 401-500 Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology 40.2 51.3 66 0 0 401-500 Linkoping University 32.3 54 80.2 0 0 401-500 Macquarie University 35.7 58.1 76.7 0 0 401-500 Masaryk University 36.1 54.8 65.2 0 0 401-500 McMaster University 40 51.1 84.1 0 0 401-500 Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology 43.3 49.4 47.1 0 0 401-500 Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics 41.7 55.1 47 0 0 401-500 National and Kapodistrian University of Athens 42 47.3 73.1 0 0 401-500 National University of Cordoba 29.8 60 59.3 0 0 401-500 National University of Sciences and Technology Pakistan 25.6 64.1 74.4 0 0 401-500 Ningbo University 27.7 65.8 43 0 0 401-500 Northeast Normal University 39.8 58.3 36.7 0 0 401-500 Polytechnic University of Bucharest 41.7 50.5 57.5 0 0 401-500 Polytechnic University of Madrid 36.6 52.4 60.7 0 0 401-500 Qufu Normal University 42 54 47.6 0 0 401-500 Shanxi University 37.1 58.1 45.5 0 0 401-500 Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava 27.4 59.7 82.5 0 0 401-500 Soochow University (China) 49.1 51.3 42.4 0 0 401-500 Taras Shevchenko National University Kiev 30.5 39.5 65.6 19.6 0 401-500 Technical University Darmstadt 44.9 50.2 66.1 0 0 401-500 Technical University Freiberg 24.8 64.3 77.2 0 0 401-500 The University of Adelaide 32.5 57.3 79.2 0 0 401-500 The University of Hong Kong 41.1 54 58.6 0 0 401-500 The University of Memphis 37.7 49.9 73.4 0 0 401-500 The University of Newcastle, Australia 37.3 49.1 86.5 0 0 401-500 Tianjin University 49.3 53 34.3 0 0 401-500 Tokyo University of Science 37.4 54.5 50.4 0 0 401-500 TU Dresden 36.2 56.3 71.9 0 0 401-500 Universidad de Santiago de Chile 28.9 56.8 78.6 0 0 401-500 Universidade Federal da Paraiba 28.6 64.1 60.1 0 0 401-500 Universite Blaise Pascal 32.3 54.5 74.7 0 0 401-500 Universite d'Avignon et des Pays de Vaucluse 23.4 44.8 73.5 19.6 0 401-500 University of Bath 35.1 57.3 77.7 0 0 401-500 University of Cagliari 28.9 61.8 68.8 0 0 401-500 University of Craiova 33.9 55.6 65.9 0 0 401-500 University of Delaware 33.6 58.5 69.4 0 0 401-500 University of Ferrara 25.8 64.5 62.3 0 0 401-500 University of Kansas 33.1 60.2 69.7 0 0 401-500 University of Kragujevac 24.1 65.8 75.3 0 0 401-500 University of La Laguna 32.4 57.8 72.2 0 0 401-500 University of Magdeburg 32.3 56.6 74.3 0 0 401-500 University of Murcia 34.2 55.6 69.1 0 0 401-500 University of North Carolina at Charlotte 28.2 63.9 73.7 0 0 401-500 University of Novi Sad 38.8 49.6 65.4 0 0 401-500 University of Oldenburg 26 46.4 83.6 19.6 0 401-500 University of Otago 23.6 59.3 90.8 0 0 401-500 University of Perpignan 32.8 53.8 84.8 0 0 401-500 University of Picardie Jules Verne 31.7 54.3 77.5 0 0 401-500 University of Porto 39.4 51.9 72.2 0 0 401-500 University of Primorska 34.7 55.1 78.6 0 0 401-500 University of Quebec Montreal 25.5 60.5 82.7 0 0 401-500 University of Regina 27.2 58.3 77 0 0 401-500 University of Salento 37.1 55.6 66.2 0 0 401-500 University of Salerno 35.5 58.1 77.2 0 0 401-500 University of Science, Malaysia 29.2 56.1 84.7 0 0 401-500 University of South Carolina - Columbia 33.2 59.5 69.7 0 0 401-500 University of Stuttgart 43.1 52.1 68.1 0 0 401-500 University of Sussex 24.3 67.7 75.3 0 0 401-500 University of Tennessee - Knoxville 33.7 58.1 64.4 0 0 401-500 University of the Witwatersrand 46 43.9 78.1 0 0 401-500 University of Tours 27.7 59.3 75.7 0 0 401-500 University of Trento 37.2 56.3 63.2 0 0 401-500 University of Wuerzburg 33.2 53.2 76.2 0 0 401-500 Verona University 25.7 61.2 71.2 0 0 401-500 Victoria University 24.3 60.2 85.1 0 0 401-500 Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 38.5 55.1 62.6 0 0 401-500 Western University 37.8 53 76.8 0 0 401-500 Wroclaw University of Technology 34.9 59.7 56.8 0 0 401-500 Yantai University 27.2 69.8 60.9 0 0 401-500 Yonsei University 34.3 55.3 67.8 0 0 401-500 Yunnan Normal University 26.4 72 39.7 0 0 401-500 Yunnan University 35.3 57.8 40.3 0 0 * Institutions within the same rank range are listed alphabetically. World Top 500 Universities World Top 500 Universities ARWU-FIELD Natural Sciences and Mathematics Engineering / Technology and Computer Sciences Life and Agriculture Sciences Clinical Medicine and Pharmacy Social Sciences Global Ranking of Academic Subjects Mathematics Physics Chemistry Economics Computer Science & Engineering More>> Copyright © 2016 ShanghaiRanking Consultancy. All Rights Reserved. HU ICP 14047616 Back to TopMathematics | Johns Hopkins University
Department of Mathematics Mathematics Academics Departments, Programs, and Centers Faculty Directory Fields of Study Libraries + Advanced Academic Programs Study Abroad Summer Programs Student & Faculty Resources Course Listings & Registration Financial Aid Human Resources + Institutional Review Board KASPER Policies & Procedures Registrar's Office + Graduate and Postdoctoral Affairs Homewood Student Affairs Across Campus Admissions Information Johns Hopkins University Website Maps & Directions myJHU Department of Overview History of the Department News Archive Jobs Overview Major in Mathematics Minor in Mathematics BA/MA Program Courses Placement Exams Admissions Future Scholars Program Overview PhD Requirements Qualifying Exams Admissions Courses Faculty and Staff Graduate Students Seminars Conferences JAMI Kempf Lectures Monroe H. Martin Lectures Upcoming Courses Registration Technical Requirements Proctor and Exam Information Renowned Faculty Internationally recognized faculty provides instruction in the core areas of mathematics as well as in cutting-edge mathematical developments. Undergraduate Program Math majors at Johns Hopkins finish with a degree that prepares them for PhD programs in mathematics, as well as a wide spectrum of career opportunities. PhD Program The department's vibrant scientific environment prepares graduate students to go on to conduct research at major institutions. The Power of Numbers Math is a formal way of thinking—an art that ties together the abstract structure of reason and the framework of quantitative and qualitative models in the natural and social sciences. News & Announcements August 25, 2017 April 17, 2017 Xiaojun Huang will give Spring 2017 Monroe H. Martin Lectures March 30, 2017 HUB article: Two professors in the Johns Hopkins Mathematics Department are among 40 mathematicians across the country chosen for 2017-2018 fellowships by the Simons Foundation. Course Schedule Lecture Timing Constraints Math Help Room Schedule Computer Help Request Form Math Resources Faculty Resources Grad Student Resources Undergrad Resources Sitemap Employment Communications Office Emergency Alerts & Info Facebook YouTubeStanford Department of Mathematics - Home
Toggle navigation Home Contact Us Department Location Emergency Info Job Openings Department History (PDF) Research Areas Seminar Listing Mathematics Research Center Undergraduate Research Undergraduate Graduate Courses Commencement Department Directory Faculty & Lecturers Postdocs, Research Assistants & Visitors Graduate Students Staff Who Does What Department News Faculty Awards Upcoming Events This Week Past Events Seminar Rooms & 4th Floor Lounge Stanford University Mathematical Organization (SUMO) Stanford University Mathematics Camp (SUMaC) Stanford Pre-Collegiate Studies Math Circle 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 Department Links Seminar Listing Math Placement Room Reservations Tutoring Resources Graduate Admissions Department Directory Mathematics Research Center Public Lecture Videos Robin Li and Melissa Ma Science Library Technological Resources Home About Research Academics People News Calendar Outreach Contact Maps & Directions DonateMathematics - Wikipedia
Mathematics Contents 1 History 1.1 Etymology 2 Definitions of mathematics 2.1 Mathematics as science 3 Inspiration, pure and applied mathematics, and aesthetics 4 Notation, language, and rigor 5 Fields of mathematics 5.1 Foundations and philosophy 5.2 Pure mathematics 5.2.1 Quantity 5.2.2 Structure 5.2.3 Space 5.2.4 Change 5.3 Applied mathematics 5.3.1 Statistics and other decision sciences 5.3.2 Computational mathematics 6 Mathematical awards 7 See also 8 Notes 9 Footnotes 10 References 11 Further reading 12 External links History History c. 570 BC – c. 495 BC citation needed c. 780 – c. 850 Etymology Etymology μαθηματικός μαθηματικὴ τέχνη ars mathematica les mathématiques la mathématique mathematica τα μαθηματικά Definitions of mathematics Definitions of mathematics Mathematics as science Mathematics as science who? who? who? citation needed Inspiration, pure and applied mathematics, and aesthetics Inspiration, pure and applied mathematics, and aesthetics Notation, language, and rigor Notation, language, and rigor Fields of mathematics Fields of mathematics Foundations and philosophy Foundations and philosophy citation needed Mathematical logic Set theory Category theory Theory of computation Pure mathematics Pure mathematics Quantity Natural numbers Integers Rational numbers Real numbers Complex numbers Structure Combinatorics Number theory Group theory Graph theory Order theory Algebra Space Geometry Trigonometry Differential geometry Topology Fractal geometry Measure theory Change Calculus Vector calculus Differential equations Dynamical systems Chaos theory Complex analysis Applied mathematics Applied mathematics Statistics and other decision sciences Computational mathematics Game theory Fluid dynamics Numerical analysis Optimization Probability theory Statistics Cryptography Mathematical finance Mathematical physics Mathematical chemistry Mathematical biology Mathematical economics Control theory Mathematical awards Mathematical awards See also See also Mathematics portal Philosophy of mathematics Lists of mathematics topics Mathematics and art Mathematics education National Museum of Mathematics Relationship between mathematics and physics Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Notes Notes ^ ^ Footnotes Footnotes June 16,     ^     ^     ^     ^             ^ ^ ^ Eves ^ Waltershausen ^ Peirce, p. 97. ^ Hilbert, D. (1919–20), Natur und Mathematisches Erkennen: Vorlesungen, gehalten 1919–1920 in Göttingen. Nach der Ausarbeitung von Paul Bernays (Edited and with an English introduction by David E. Rowe), Basel, Birkhäuser (1992). ^ Peterson ^     ^ ^ Kline 1990, Chapter 1. ^ ^ ^     ^ μαθηματική ^ July 14,     ^ ^ ^ ^         ^     ^ ^     ^ ^     ^ Popper 1995, p. 56 ^ Ziman ^     ^     ^ (PDF) November 9,     ^     ^     ^     ^ September 14,     ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^     ^     ^ ^ References References     (PDF) July 28,             (PDF)     (PDF) June 24,         Further reading Further reading External links External links sister projects School of Mathematics Resources in your library HyperMath site at Georgia State University Some mathematics applets, at MIT v t e outline topic lists elementary linear multilinear abstract Category theory Combinatorics Group theory Computation Control theory Functional analysis Game theory discrete algebraic analytic differential finite Graph theory History of mathematics Information theory Lie theory Mathematics and art Mathematics education Mathematical logic Mathematical physics Mathematical statistics Numerical analysis Optimization Order theory Philosophy of mathematics Philosophy of mathematics education Probability Recreational mathematics Representation theory Set theory Statistics Topology Trigonometry Pure Applied Discrete Computational 4037944-9 00571521 Mathematics Formal sciences Mathematical terminology Articles containing Ancient Greek-language text Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pages Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pages Use mdy dates from October 2014 All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from August 2009 Articles containing Latin-language text Articles containing French-language text Articles containing Greek-language text All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from January 2011 Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2009 Articles with unsourced statements from March 2011 Wikipedia external links cleanup from October 2015 Wikipedia spam cleanup from October 2015 Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read View source View source View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikiquote Wikiversity Languages Afrikaans Alemannisch አማርኛ Ænglisc العربية Aragonés Armãneashti অসমীয়া Asturianu Avañe'ẽ Aymar aru Azərbaycanca تۆرکجه বাংলা Bahasa Banjar Bân-lâm-gú Basa Banyumasan Башҡортса Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ भोजपुरी Bislama Български Boarisch བོད་ཡིག Bosanski Brezhoneg Буряад Català Чӑвашла Cebuano Čeština Chamoru ChiShona Corsu Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ދިވެހިބަސް Diné bizaad Dolnoserbski Eesti Ελληνικά Emiliàn e rumagnòl Эрзянь Español Esperanto Estremeñu Euskara فارسی Fiji Hindi Føroyskt Français Frysk Furlan Gaeilge Gaelg Gàidhlig Galego 贛語 ગુજરાતી 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî Хальмг 한국어 Hausa Hawaiʻi Հայերեն हिन्दी Hrvatski Ido Igbo Ilokano বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Interlingue Ирон IsiXhosa IsiZulu Íslenska Italiano עברית Basa Jawa Kalaallisut ಕನ್ನಡ Къарачай-малкъар ქართული Kaszëbsczi Қазақша Kiswahili Kreyòl ayisyen Kurdî Кыргызча Ladino Лезги ລາວ Latina Latviešu Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Ligure Limburgs Livvinkarjala La .lojban. Luganda Lumbaart Magyar मैथिली Македонски Malagasy മലയാളം Malti मराठी მარგალური مصرى مازِرونی Bahasa Melayu Mìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄ Mirandés Монгол မြန်မာဘာသာ Nāhuatl Nederlands Nedersaksies नेपाली नेपाल भाषा 日本語 Nordfriisk Norfuk / Pitkern Norsk Norsk nynorsk Nouormand Novial Occitan Олык марий ଓଡ଼ିଆ Oromoo Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча ਪੰਜਾਬੀ पालि Pangasinan پنجابی پښتو Patois ភាសាខ្មែរ Picard Piemontèis Tok Pisin Plattdüütsch Polski Português Qaraqalpaqsha Qırımtatarca Română Runa Simi Русиньскый Русский Саха тыла Gagana Samoa संस्कृतम् Sardu Scots Seeltersk Setswana Shqip Sicilianu සිංහල Simple English سنڌي SiSwati Slovenčina Slovenščina Ślůnski Soomaaliga کوردی Sranantongo Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Basa Sunda Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Taqbaylit Татарча/tatarça తెలుగు Tetun ไทย Тоҷикӣ ತುಳು Türkçe Türkmençe Thuɔŋjäŋ ᨅᨔ ᨕᨘᨁᨗ Українська اردو Vahcuengh Vèneto Vepsän kel’ Tiếng Việt Volapük Võro 文言 West-Vlams Winaray Wolof 吴语 Xitsonga ייִדיש Yorùbá 粵語 Zazaki Zeêuws Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links
This page was last edited on 16 September 2017, at 09:57. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewSolve Programming Questions | HackerRank
Something went wrong! Some error occured while loading page for you. Please try again. Something went wrong! Some error occured while loading page for you. Please try again. Practice Compete Jobs Leaderboard
Log In
Sign Up Dashboard Mathematics Fundamentals Difficulty Status Success Rate:
90.51% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
96.58% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
94.13% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
90.69% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
85.84% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
78.70% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
86.41% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
85.22% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
72.71% Max Score:
Difficulty:
Success Rate:
71.85% Max Score:
Difficulty:
1 2 3 4 Fundamentals Number Theory Combinatorics Algebra Geometry Probability Linear Algebra Foundations
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|Mathematics | Science | The Guardian
Close The Guardian - Back to home contribution
subscribe
find a job jobs All sections What term do you want to search? Search with google US edition US
edition:
switch to the
UK edition UK switch to the
US switch to the
Australia edition AU switch to the
International edition INT sign in
become a supporter
subscribe search switch to the
UK edition switch to the
Australia edition switch to the
International edition The Guardian - Back to home › › home browse
sections close
Mathematics
Much ado about nothing: ancient Indian text contains earliest zero symbol Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Did you solve it? Try your cluck at these chicken problems Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Can you solve it? Try your cluck at these chicken problems Published:
Brief letters Differentials for burying the war dead Published:
Armageddon: scientists calculate how stars can nudge comets to strike Earth Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Did you solve it? Riddles inspired by card tricks Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Can you solve it? Riddles inspired by card tricks Published:
Mathematical secrets of ancient tablet unlocked after nearly a century of study Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Did you solve it? Are you a match for these match puzzles? Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Can you solve it? Are you a match for these match puzzles? Published:
A neuroscientist explains Why the human brain can do the maths Published:
Lionesses may not the best name for the England women’s football team Published:
Royal Society science book prize shortlist tackles 'the big questions' Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Did you solve it? Are you smarter than a forester? Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Can you solve it? Are you smarter than a forester? Published:
The world has lost a great artist in mathematician Maryam Mirzakhani Published:
Maryam Mirzakhani obituary Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Did you solve it? Are you smarter than an architect? Published:
Alex Bellos's Monday puzzle Can you solve it? Are you smarter than an architect? Published:
Maryam Mirzakhani: Iranian newspapers break hijab taboo in tributes Published:
About 879 results for Mathematics 1 … next Topics The Guardian back to top home
sections close selected back to topMathematics | Quanta Magazine
What's up in Mathematics Mathematicians Measure Infinities and Find They’re Equal Kevin Hartnett Two mathematicians have proved that two different infinities are equal in size, settling a long-standing question. Their proof rests on a surprising link between the sizes of infinities and the complexity of mathematical theories. Why Math Is the Best Way to Make Sense of the World Ariel Bleicher To tell truth from fiction, start with quantitative thinking, argues the mathematician Rebecca Goldin. The Math That Promises to Make the World Brighter Kevin Hartnett The color of LED lights is controlled by a clumsy process. A new mathematical discovery may make it easier for us to get the hues we want.
Mathematicians Tame Rogue Waves, Lighting Up Future of LEDs Kevin Hartnett The mathematician Svitlana Mayboroda and collaborators have figured out how to predict the behavior of electrons — a mathematical discovery that could have immediate practical effects.
Follow Quanta Most Read in Mathematics This Data is Current Loading... This Data is Current Loading... This Data is Current Loading... This Data is Current Loading... This Data is Current Loading... This Data is Current Loading... Symmetry, Algebra and the Monster Patrick Honner To begin to understand what mathematicians and physicists see in the abstract structures of symmetries, let’s start with a familiar shape. Why Mathematicians Like to Classify Things Kevin Hartnett It’s “a definitive study for all time, like writing the final book,” says one researcher who’s mapping out new classes of geometric structures. New Shapes Solve Infinite Pool-Table Problem Kevin Hartnett Two “rare jewels” have illuminated a mysterious multidimensional object that connects a huge variety of mathematical work. The Beautiful Mathematical Explorations of Maryam Mirzakhani Moira Chas After her untimely death, Maryam Mirzakhani’s life is best remembered through her work. Kaisa Matomäki Dreams of Primes Kevin Hartnett Kaisa Matomäki has proved that properties of prime numbers over long intervals hold over short intervals as well. The techniques she uses have transformed the study of these elusive numbers. Previous 1 2 3 4 ... 12 Next The Quanta Newsletter Get highlights of the most important news delivered to your email inbox About Quanta About Quanta Archive Archive Contact Us Contact Us Terms & Conditions Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Simons Foundation Simons FoundationMathematics | Top Universities
You are here Home Home
>
Mathematics Mathematics Get expert test prep advice with QS-LEAP, the world's first social and free test-prep platform. Find us Find us How are you feeling today? * How are you feeling today? * * Use at least 6 characters and one numeral * X X X Mathematics The rankings are based upon academic reputation, employer reputation and research impact ( click here
to read the full methodology). Use the interactive table below to filter the rankings by location, and click on individual universities for more information. Registered users will also be able to use the site’s
Compare
function to see facts and statistics about multiple universities side-by-side. When it comes to number-crunching, it’s hard to look past the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
which has soared up the rankings to overtake
Harvard University
as the best university for studying mathematics in the world. 12 of this year’s top 20 are based in the US but that doesn’t mean you have to move to America to get a good degree in maths. The UK, Switzerland, Singapore, Canada, Japan and China are all also represented in the top 20. 12 of this year’s top 20 are based in the US but that doesn’t mean you have to move to America to get a good degree in maths. The UK, Switzerland, Singapore, Canada, Japan and China are all also represented in the top 20. Interested in other courses besides Mathematics? The QS World University Rankings by Subject 2017 covers 46 different subjects.
Click here
to see the full list. In partnership with: 109
shares In partnership with: X X University Rankings Rankings Indicators Read more about
|
RANK COUNTRY GUIDE X X X X X X Quick Links
Methodology
Digital Supplement
Want more detail? Rankings Overview QS World University Rankings QS World University Rankings by Subject QS Graduate Employability Rankings QS University Rankings by Region QS Best Student Cities QS Top 50 Under 50 QS System Strength Rankings QS Stars Rating System Related articles University search Subject guides Study destination guides Scholarship advice Events overview QS World Grad School Tour QS World University Tour QS World MBA Tour QS TopMBA Connect 1-2-1 Free test preparation (QS-LEAP) Choosing a university Student finance Preparing to study abroad QS student guides University profiles Admissions advice QS Scholarships Careers advice Community overview Q&A forum Blog University news Videos QS Quacquarelli Symonds Limited 1994 - 2017. All rights reserved. admissions, jobs and student life Main menu Rankings Rankings overview QS World University Rankings QS World University Rankings by Subject QS Graduate Employability Rankings QS University Rankings by Region QS Best Student Cities QS Top 50 Under 50 QS System Strength Rankings QS Stars Rating System Related articles Discover University search Subject guides Study destination guides Scholarship advice Events Events overview QS World Grad School Tour QS World University Tour QS MBA Events Prepare Free test preparation (QS-LEAP) Choosing a university Student finance Preparing to study abroad QS student guides Apply University profiles Admissions advice QS Scholarships Careers Careers advice Community Community overview Q&A forum Blog University news Videos| mathematics
Home ABOUT US Consumer Corporate / Public Affairs Automotive Sports Sponsorships / Events Social / Digital News/Blog Careers Contact Cullen Blog Why mathematical skills can add up to a career in PR
Subscribe to Email Updates Recent Posts Posts by Topic (75) (65) (32) (29) (18) (16) (16) (12) (11) (10) (10) (10) (9) (9) (8) (8) (7) (7) (7) (7) (7) (6) (6) (6) (6) (6) (6) (6) (5) (5) (5) (5) (4) (4) (4) (3) (3) (3) (3) (3) (3) (3) (3) (3) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) Contact Info Address:
Phone:
Email:Mathematics | Definition of Mathematics by Merriam-Webster
SINCE 1828 Menu JOIN NOW × An Encyclopædia Britannica Company Follow:
Trending Now: More Trending: SEE See What's Trending Now See More Trending Words What's Trending Now More Trending Words
bodega
"Don’t mess with the beloved bodega."
carceral
Of, relating to, or suggesting a jail or prison
allegory
No spoilers!
hurricane
'A tropical cyclone'
rescind
To take away; cancel; repeal
mathematics
noun, plural in form but usually singular in construction
math·e·mat·ics
\ ˌmath-ˈma-tiks , ˌma-thə- \ Writing? Check your grammar now! mathematics 1 1 mathematics 2 2 mathematics NEW! Time Traveler First Known Use: 1573 From the M-W Editors 1573 NEW! Time Traveler Other Mathematics and Statistics Terms
MATHEMATICS Defined for English Language Learners
mathematics
noun :
MATHEMATICS Defined for Kids
mathematics
noun
math·e·mat·ics
\ ˌma-thə-ˈma-tiks \ mathematics Seen and Heard Love words? Need even more definitions? Subscribe to America's largest dictionary and get thousands more definitions and advanced search—ad free! being a sign or omen Get Word of the Day daily email!
bodega
"Don’t mess with the beloved bodega."
carceral
Of, relating to, or suggesting a jail or prison
allegory
No spoilers!
hurricane
'A tropical cyclone'
rescind
To take away; cancel; repeal
Challenging Vocabulary Quiz Returns! Test your vocabulary with our 10-question quiz! Love words? Need even more definitions? Subscribe to America's largest dictionary and get thousands more definitions and advanced search—ad free! Class is in session. A delicious collection of eponymous foods A new form of cultural identity People have several/a few/a couple questions. Or, Why Pig Meat is Called 'Pork' and Cow Meat is Called 'Beef' Don't get us started on 'bimonthly' It is in fact a real word (but that doesn't mean you should use it). One goose, two geese. One moose, two... moose. What's up with that? No tricks, just difficult words. NEW! Additional colors! More obscure than before! Test your vocabulary with our 10-question quiz! The dictionary has been scrambled—can you put it back together? Learn a new word every day. Delivered to your inbox! OTHER MERRIAM-WEBSTER DICTIONARIES SPANISH CENTRAL LEARNER'S ESL DICTIONARY WORDCENTRAL FOR KIDS VISUAL DICTIONARY MERRIAM-WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED DICTIONARY BRITANNICA ENGLISH - ARABIC TRANSLATION NGLISH - SPANISH-ENGLISH TRANSLATION FOLLOW US facebook twitter youtube instagram Browse the Dictionary: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z 0-9 Terms of Use Browse the Spanish-English Dictionary © 2017 Merriam-Webster, Incorporatedmathematics | Definition & History | Britannica.com
Subscribe Spotlight Demystified Quizzes Galleries Lists On This Day Biographies Search Britannica Eyjafjallajökull volcano plate tectonics Spain list of art and design movements of the 20th century Salem witch trials Mathematics Mathematics science In many cultures—under the stimulus of the needs of practical pursuits, such as commerce and agriculture—mathematics has developed ... (100 of 43,712 words) We've Been Delivering Trusted Facts Since 1768 You've reached one of our premium articles. Start your FREE TRIAL now to continue reading this article! Introduction Ancient mathematical sources The numeral system and arithmetic operations Geometric and algebraic problems Mathematical astronomy The numeral system and arithmetic operations Geometry Assessment of Egyptian mathematics The development of pure mathematics bce Later trends in geometry and arithmetic Origins Mathematics in the 9th century Mathematics in the 10th century Omar Khayyam Islamic mathematics to the 15th century The transmission of Greek and Arabic learning The universities The Renaissance The 17th century The 18th century Other developments Projective geometry Making the calculus rigorous Fourier series Elliptic functions The theory of numbers The theory of equations Gauss Non-Euclidean geometry Riemann Riemann’s influence Differential equations Linear algebra The foundations of geometry The foundations of mathematics Cantor Mathematical physics Algebraic topology Developments in pure mathematics Mathematical physics and the theory of groups Probabilistic mathematics Previous Next Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest MLA APA Harvard Chicago Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Pinterest Newsletters About Us About Our Ads Partner Program Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Home Spotlight Demystified Quizzes Galleries Lists On This Day Biographies Login Join Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn EmailMathematics | An Open Access Journal from MDPI
Choose your preferred view mode Menu
Title / Keyword
Author / Affiliation
Article Type
Journal
Section
Special Issue
Indexed in: Scopus Journal Menu ► ▼ E-Mail Alert Journal Browser ► ▼ Recent Articles Latest Books Open Access ESCI Zentralblatt MATH
Latest Articles Open Access Article The Catastrophe of Electric Vehicle Sales Timothy Sands 17 September 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Article Fusion Estimation from Multisensor Observations with Multiplicative Noises and Correlated Random Delays in Transmission Josefa Linares-Pérez 4 September 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Article Topics of Measure Theory on Infinite Dimensional Spaces José Velhinho 29 August 2017 Open Access Article On Minimal Covolume Hyperbolic Lattices Ruth Kellerhals 22 August 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Article On the Uniqueness Results and Value Distribution of Meromorphic Mappings Riaz Ahmad Khan 17 August 2017 Open Access Article On the Duality of Regular and Local Functions Jens V. Fischer 9 August 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Feature Paper Review Integral Representations of the Catalan Numbers and Their Applications Bai-Ni Guo 3 August 2017 Open Access Article Confidence Intervals for Mean and Difference between Means of Normal Distributions with Unknown Coefficients of Variation Sa-Aat Niwitpong 28 July 2017 Open Access Article Variable Shape Parameter Strategy in Local Radial Basis Functions Collocation Method for Solving the 2D Nonlinear Coupled Burgers’ Equations Tofigh Allahviranloo 21 July 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Article Elimination of Quotients in Various Localisations of Premodels into Models Rémy Tuyéras 9 July 2017 Open Access Article Lattices and Rational Points Evelina Viada 9 July 2017 Open Access Article Banach Subspaces of Continuous Functions Possessing Schauder Bases Sergey V. Ludkowski 24 June 2017 Open Access Article Lie Symmetries, Optimal System and Invariant Reductions to a Nonlinear Timoshenko System Hassan Azad 17 June 2017 Open Access Article An Analysis on the Fractional Asset Flow Differential Equations Panumart Sawangtong 16 June 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Article Metrization Theorem for Uniform Loops with the Invertibility Property Beáta Stehlíková 2 June 2017 Open Access Article Nonlinear Gronwall–Bellman Type Inequalities and Their Applications Yuanyuan Wang 31 May 2017 Open Access Article Emergence of an Aperiodic Dirichlet Space from the Tetrahedral Units of an Icosahedral Internal Space Klee Irwin 26 May 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Article Coincidence Points of a Sequence of Multivalued Mappings in Metric Space with a Graph Nayyar Mehmood 26 May 2017 Open Access Article A Two-Stage Method for Piecewise-Constant Solution for Fredholm Integral Equations of the First Kind Shi-Wei Yang 22 May 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Open Access Article Analysis of Magneto-hydrodynamics Flow and Heat Transfer of a Viscoelastic Fluid through Porous Medium in Wire Coating Analysis Waris Khan 16 May 2017 ► ▼ Figure 1 Journal Contact News 23 June 2017 Congratulations for Publishing the 100,000th Peer-Reviewed Article 6 June 2017 18 May 2017 Conferences Special Issues
Special Issue in
Mathematics Deadline: 30 September 2017
Special Issue in
Mathematics Deadline: 31 October 2017
Special Issue in
Mathematics Deadline: 30 November 2017
Special Issue in
Mathematics Deadline: 31 December 2017
Further Information
Guidelines
MDPI Initiatives
Follow MDPI
Subscribe to receive issue release notifications and newsletters from MDPI journalsMathematics
Directory Calendar GC Portal Admissions Alumni Library IT Diversity HR Title IX Doctoral Programs Master's Programs Advanced Research Collaborative Centers & Institutes Initiatives & Committees Prospective Students Current Students Student Life Faculty News Books Profiles Resources Title IX Awareness GC Presents Calendar All News Student News Faculty News Alumni News Announcements Research News Research Grant News Podcasts Press Coverage Press Room 365 Fifth Ways to Give Foundation Community Membership Planned Giving Institutional Profile GC Leadership President's Office Provost's Office Diversity and Inclusion Administrative Services Building Venues & Particulars Financial Information University Center Academic Entities Governance, Policies & Procedures FAQ Show The Graduate Center Menu Mathematics Program Path to Degree Faculty Forms Students Courses Course Notes Seminars Resources Program Events Program News Alumni Alumni Dissertations Upcoming Defenses Department of Mathematics Admissions Recent News GC Math Fest 2017 Subir Dhamoon, Ph.D. 2013 (Mathematics): Convocation 2016 Remarks Dr. Azita Mayeli Receives the Feliks Gross Endowment Award Executive Officer Ara Basmajian Executive Officer, Professor Hunter College, East Building 4208.01 abasmaji@hunter.cuny.edu Phone 212-817-8530 Deputy Executive Officer Jozef Dodziuk Professor Queens College, Margaret Kiely Hall 4208-01 jozef.dodziuk@qc.cuny.edu Phone 212-817-8541 Assistant Program Officer Debbie Silverman Assistant Program Officer Graduate Center 4208 dsilverman@gc.cuny.edu Phone 212-817-8546 Einstein Chair Secretary Karen Marinez Einstein Chair Secretary The Graduate Center 4208 kmarinez@gc.cuny.edu Phone 212-817-8578 Quick links: Contact us: The Graduate Center, CUNY 365 Fifth Avenue New York, NY
10016 USA 1-877-428-6942 (212) 817-7000 ©
2017 The Graduate CenterDepartment of Mathematics | Imperial College London
Imperial College London Latest News New leadership course to get more clinicians onto boards launches at Imperial Cassini spacecraft bids farewell after 13 years exploring Saturn Imperial's iKnife inspires future doctors
Main Navigation Search Study overview Top Links Courses for 2018 entry How to apply Fees and funding Accommodation Open days Request a prospectus Top Links Courses for 2018–19 How to apply Fees and funding Accommodation Open days Request a prospectus Faculties and departments Continuing Professional Development
Executive Education Centre for Languages Culture and Communication Living in London International students Campus life Research and Innovation
At a glance Clinical Trials Collaborations Commercialisation Consultancy Executive education A-Z services for partners At a glance Resources for staff Research Office Faculty research services teams Research integrity Clinical Trials Global Imperial College Strategy 2015-2020 Faculties and departments A-Z research groups and centres Funding opportunities REF 2014 Imperial’s impact Research news Enterprising students Be Inspired Top links Schools activities Public events Festival Alumni events Top links Lectures online Podcasts iTunes U Social media directory Staff and student volunteering Imperial magazine Imperial College Podcast Imperial Festival Student blogs About Overview Strategy 2015-2020 League tables Facts and figures College governance Administration and support services Administration and support services Imperial timeline Imperial timeline At a glance President Provost Eminent alumni Award winners A - Z of Faculties and Departments Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Natural Sciences Imperial College Business School Global Imperial Our campuses White City Campus Close Close Department of Mathematics Section Navigation
Close Department of Mathematics Overview Key contacts (internal only) Postdocs Research Students Undergraduates (internal only) Academic visitors Honorary Staff Full List of Fellows Academic women in Mathematics Prizes and Awards Vacancies Research Groups Institutes and Centres Sections Chapman Fellowships Imperial College Research Fellowships Professor Matania Ben-Artzi Professor Ionut Ciocan-Fontanine Professor Dinesh Thakur Professor Thomas Kurtz Professor Michael Ghil Professor Stephen Davis Professor Michel Chipot Professor Bruce Driver Professor Peter Kloeden Professor Jian-Guo Liu Professor Bob Pego Professor Richard Schoen Professor Lorenzo Pareschi Professor Francis Filbet Professor Paul Rosenbaum Professor John Tsamopoulos Professor Edgar Knobloch ICL-CNRS Fellowships Centres for Doctoral Training Public Engagement Projects Lectures, Problems Classes and Assessment Why Mathematics at Imperial? Applications and Offers Scholarships and Bursaries Recommended Reading FAQs Registration After your results Contacts Mathematics Careers Speed Dating After Imperial International Exchange Opportunities Staff Student Committee Undergraduate Prizes Student Activities Undergraduate Administration Contacts Current students Current students Current students Current students MRes in Stochastic Analysis and Mathematical Finance PhD in Applied Mathematics PhD in Pure Mathematics PhD in Mathematical Finance PhD in Statistics How to apply PhD Funding opportunities Offer holders (MRes and PhD) MSc Applied MSc Maths Finance MSc Pure MSc Statistics MRes PhD Progression Milestones Mobility Fund Recipients Merit Award Recipients For Staff Collaboration models Case studies Contact Intranet Seminars Professor Ian Stewart News Department of Mathematics An internationally renowned department within one of the world's most prestigious universities Top Links Find out more about undergraduate study with us Find out more about postgraduate opportunities within the Department of Mathematics Imperial is a proud member of the Athena SWAN Charter, which recognises commitment to advancing women's careers in science, technology, engineering, maths and medicine (STEMM) employment in academia. The Mathematics department has a regular series of seminars and an active events programme, including the Departmental Colloquia. Find out more. Find out more about our research and how it impacts the real-world Centres for Doctoral Training (CDTs) are one of the three main ways by which EPSRC provides support for Doctoral Training. Find out more Keep up to date with current Mathematics news, including recent prizes and awards Workshops and events news news Conference Conference 25 September 2017, 00:00 – 00:00 Data Science for Cyber-Security Data Science for Cyber-Security 04 October 2017, 14:00 – 20:00 General 21 October 2017, 10:00 – 18:00 Exhibition 25 October 2017, 17:00 – 20:30 General Seminars event event Seminar Seminar 18 September 2017, 13:00 – 15:00 Costya Shramov: Automorphisms of complex surfaces. Costya Shramov: Automorphisms of complex surfaces. 06 October 2017, 11:00 – 17:00 Seminar 10 October 2017, 12:00 – 13:00 Seminar 10 October 2017, 13:00 – 14:00 Seminar 10 October 2017, 15:00 – 16:00 Seminar Mathematics news news news What's stats got to do with it? What's stats got to do with it? 10 August 2017 news news Three Imperial teams benefit from new 'Prosperity Partnership' grants Three Imperial teams benefit from new 'Prosperity Partnership' grants 26 July 2017 news news Imperial researchers will help train next generation of African AI experts
Imperial researchers will help train next generation of African AI experts
25 July 2017 20 July 2017 06 July 2017 29 June 2017 13 June 2017 Contact & Links Section Information ADDRESS Department of Mathematics Email us ugmaths.admissions@imperial.ac.uk ugmaths.admissions@imperial.ac.uk General enquiries: Visitor accommodation & travel Mr Kalra Taylor Mr Kalra Taylor Useful Links
Information for
Prospective students Alumni Job applicants Partners and business Media Donors Parents Conference organisers
Top links
Imperial and the EU Outlook 365 web access Contact the ICT Service Desk Library Blackboard Sport Term dates
Students
Current students Imperial College Union Student Hub Careers Service Imperial Mobile Graduation
Staff
Staff main page ICIS HR procedures Salaries, Terms and Conditions Research support Information for new staff
Imperial partners
Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust Imperial College Academic Health Science Centre Imperial College Health Partners Imperial Consultants Imperial Innovations
A-Z
Faculties, departments and institutes Research groups Administration and support services People finder College Information Address South Kensington Campus London SW7 2AZ UK tel: +44 (0)20 7589 5111 Follow Imperial Site Information ©
2017
Imperial College LondonMathematics | Springer
Total €239.99 Mathematics Algebra Analysis Applications Computational Science & Engineering Dynamical Systems & Differential Equations Geometry & Topology History of Mathematical Sciences Mathematical & Computational Biology Mathematical Physics Number Theory & Discrete Mathematics Probability Theory & Stochastic Processes Quantitative Finance Our services for you Become an author Contact us Social media Stay informed Change the World, One Article at a Time Find 180 groundbreaking articles across all disciplines nominated by our Editors-in-Chief  read more
Mathematics
On these pages you will find Springer’s journals, books and eBooks in all areas of Mathematics, serving researchers, lecturers, students, and professionals. We publish many of the most prestigious journals in Mathematics, including a number of fully open access journals. Our book and eBook portfolio comprises monographs, textbook series, reference works and conference proceedings from the world’s most distinguished authors. In this subject area more than 15,750 books more than 185 journals more than 625 series
Featured journals
see all Inventiones mathematicae Mathematische Zeitschrift Bulletin of Mathematical Biology Probability Theory and Related Fields Journal of Mathematical Biology Mathematical Programming Archiv der Mathematik Acta Mathematica Mathematische Annalen Journal of Mathematical Sciences Numerische Mathematik Journal of Optimization Theory and Applications
Featured books
see all Nonlinearly Perturbed Semi-Markov Processes Silvestrov, D. (et al.)
(2017)
from
41,64 € Numerical Methods for Stochastic Partial Differential Equations with White Noise Zhang, Z. (et al.)
(2017)
from
91,62 € Stein Manifolds and Holomorphic Mappings Forstnerič, F.
(2017)
from
107,09 € Ramanujan Summation of Divergent Series Candelpergher, B.
(2017)
from
35,69 €
Featured textbooks
see all Introduction to Relation Algebras Givant, S.
(2017)
from
67,82 € A Course on Basic Model Theory Sarbadhikari, H. (et al.)
(2017)
from
55,92 € Math Tools Glaeser, G.
(2017)
from
51,16 € Advanced Topics in Relation Algebras Givant, S.
(2017)
from
67,82 €
Featured book series
see all Springer Undergraduate Mathematics Series Oberwolfach Seminars PoliTO Springer Series Publications of the Scuola Normale Superiore Frontiers in Mathematics Mathematik Kompakt Springer Monographs in Mathematics Ergebnisse der Mathematik und ihrer ... Bocconi & Springer Series Undergraduate Texts in Mathematics Graduate Texts in Mathematics Lecture Notes in Mathematics SpringerBriefs in Mathematics Developments in Mathematics Compact Textbooks in Mathematics Grundstudium Mathematik Monographs in Mathematics Springer Proceedings in Mathematics & Statistics Advanced Courses in Mathematics - CRM Barcelona Classics in Mathematics Fields Institute Monographs Research Perspectives CRM Barcelona Association for Women in Mathematics Series La Matematica per il 3+2 Encyclopaedia of Mathematical Sciences Abel Symposia Modern Birkhäuser Classics Progress in Mathematics Problem Books in Mathematics Birkhäuser Advanced Texts
Basler Lehrbücher Cornerstones UNIPA Springer Series Trends in Mathematics Grundlehren der mathematischen Wissenschaften Graduate Texts in Mathematics Monografie Matematyczne Universitext Fields Institute Communications IMPA Monographs
Featured reference works
see all Encyclopedia of Complexity and Systems Science Handbook of Uncertainty Quantification International Encyclopedia of Statistical Science Handbook of Set Theory Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, ... Encyclopaedia of the History of Science, ... Historical Encyclopedia of Natural and ... Shopping Cart MySpringer Login/Registration SpringerAlerts Company Media Compliance
Careers Affiliate Program Help Overview Order FAQ Contact Us Imprint Legal SpringerMathematics - Quora
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page. Quora Mathematics Mathematics Mathematics Read Read Answer Topic FAQ Most Viewed Writers Feed More Stories
·
·
Mathematics Mathematics Mathematics
·
336w ago 336w ago Mathematics: What is the most beautiful theorem proof, and why? Mathematics: What is the most beautiful theorem proof, and why? Harris B. Daniels 119w ago [math]\displaystyle \sum_{n=1}^\infty \frac{1}{2^n}=1[/math] (more)
·
·
Mathematics Mathematics Mathematics
·
89w ago 89w ago What does it mean "to think mathematically"? What does it mean "to think mathematically"?     Richard Muller , Prof Physics, UCBerkeley, author of "Now—The Physics of Time" (2016) 88w ago There is a wonderful story circulated among physicists that illustrates the answer.
Johnny von Neumann was a great mathematician and a great physicist. So someone (I don't remember who) challenged ... (more)
·
·
Equations Equations Equations
·
12w ago 12w ago I have an IQ of 162 and can solve differential equations in seconds. What does this mean? I have an IQ of 162 and can solve differential equations in seconds. What does this mean? Danilo Gregorin , B.A. Mathematics & Analysis, University of Sao Paulo (2017) 12w ago It means you are RICH! Just take a few seconds and solve this beautiful baby: Clay Mathematics Institute (more)
·
·
Mathematics Mathematics Mathematics
·
185w ago 185w ago What's a math trick that is not very well-known? What's a math trick that is not very well-known? Kevin Lei , studied at University of Oxford 185w ago Scott Wu [math]n^2 = (n-25) \cdot 100 + (n-50)^2[/math] (more)
·
·
Mathematics Mathematics Mathematics
·
53w ago 53w ago Who wrote their PhD thesis in the shortest amount of time? Who wrote their PhD thesis in the shortest amount of time? Cedric Mamo 53w ago
·
Jalal M. Asif Bsc Economics & Mathematics, North South University (2021)
and
Pepito Moropo B.S. / M.S. Mathematics George Dantzig arrived late to class, found some problems on the board and copied them down assuming they were homework. He took them home, worked them out. A couple of days later he gave his work ... George Dantzig arrived late to class, found some problems on the board and copied them down assuming they were homework. He took them home, worked them out. A couple of days later he gave his work ... (more) About The study of quantity, shape, change, and space through rigorous deduction and inference. The study of quantity, shape, change, and space through rigorous deduction and inference. Questions Followers Edits Related Topics Algebra Mathematics Education Proofs (mathematics) Mathematicians Applied Mathematics Calculus Set Theory Numbers (mathematics) Problem Solving Functions (mathematics) Logic (mathematics) Science and Mathematics A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
·
·
·
·mathematics - Wiktionary
mathematics Contents 1 English 1.1 Alternative forms 1.2 Etymology 1.3 Pronunciation 1.4 Noun 1.4.1 Usage notes 1.4.2 Synonyms 1.4.3 Derived terms 1.4.4 Related terms 1.4.5 Descendants 1.4.6 Translations 1.5 See also 1.6 Further reading English [ ] Wikipedia Alternative forms [ ] mathematicks ( obsolete ) Etymology [ ] Old French Old French Latin Latin ( “ mathematics ” ) Ancient Greek Ancient Greek ( mathēmatikós “ fond of learning ” ) ( máthēma “ knowledge, study, learning ” ) Pronunciation [ ] /mæθ(ə)ˈmætɨks/ Audio (US) Noun [ ] Usage notes [ ] Synonyms [ ] ( ability to use mathematics ) : numeracy ( UK, Australia ) ( US, Canada ) Derived terms [ ] applied mathematics applied mathematics astromathematics astromathematics biomathematics biomathematics discrete mathematics discrete mathematics ethnomathematics ethnomathematics metamathematics metamathematics pseudomathematics pseudomathematics pure mathematics pure mathematics recreational mathematics recreational mathematics Related terms [ ] mathematical mathematical mathematically mathematically mathematician mathematician Descendants [ ] mathemateg Translations [ ] wiskunde holtina matematikë f mathematik ትምህርተ ሂሳብ ( təmhrtä hisab ) f ( riyāḍa ) pl ( riyāḍiyyāt ) matematicas f ( mannāyūṯāʾ ) մաթեմատիկա ( matʿematika ) mathematicã গণিত ( gaṇit ) matemátiques jakhu riyaziyyat matematika математика ( matematika ) matematika mathematik матэма́тыка f ( matemátyka ) গণিত ( gôṇit ) গণিত ( gaṇit ) matematikoù matematika матема́тика f ( matemátika ) သင်္ချာ ( sanghkya ) matemàtiques matemàtica matematika matematika 數學 数学 ( ) 數學 数学 ( sṳ-ho̍k ) 數學 数学 ( shùxué ) 算學 算学 ( suànxué ) ( ancient ) 數學 数学 ( sò͘-ha̍k ) математика ( matematika ) matematica riyaziyat matematika f matematik c ( riyāḋiyātu ) akuënkäŋ wiskunde f mathematiek ( rare ) mathematica ( rare ) mathesis ( rare ) wiskunde математика ( matematika ) matematiko matemaatika matemáticas støddfrøði f matematiikka mathématiques matematiche matemáticas მათემატიკა ( matemaṭiḳa ) Mathematik f μαθηματικά ( mathimatiká ) matematikki ગણિત ( gaṇit ) matematik lissafi makemakika ( matemátika ) गणित m ( gaṇit ) गणित-विधा f ( gaṇit-vidhā ) matematika stærðfræði f matematiko matematika mathematica matematica matamaitic matematica f 数学 ( sūgaku ) matématika ಗಣಿತ ( gaṇita ) matematika математика ( matematïka ) គណិតវិទ្យា ( gēyəneuttəwityīə ) គណិតសាស្ត្រ ( gēyəneuttəsāh ) 수학 ( suhak ) matematîk f jimarnasî f bîrkarî f jimêryarî f hesab f ( bîrkarî ) ( matimatîk ) математика ( matematika ) matematika ຄະນິດສາດ ( kha nit sāt ) mathēmatica f matemātika f matematica mathematik matematika f cmaci matemàtega mathematik matematika Mathematik математика f ( matematika ) matematik ilmu hisab ഗണിതം ( gaṇitaṃ ) matematika f maddaght pāngarau गणित ( gaṇit ) mathematic математик ( matematik ) tlapōhuayōtl ałhiiʼnínáʼiidzóóh ałhííʼnaʼííltaʼ matemàteca गणित ( gaṇit ) caltchul matematikk m matematikk matematike matematicas rīmcræft mathematique matematiks matemátika f ( šmerpohëna ) ( riyâziyât ) ( engâreš ) matemàtica matematyka f matemática f ਗਣਿਤ ( gaṇit ) yupay yachay matematică f матема́тика f ( matemátika ) matematika matematėka गणितं ( gaṇitaṃ ) matemàtica mathematics matamataig математика f matematika f matimàtica matymatyka ගණිතය ( gaṇitaya ) matematika f počty matematika xisaab matemáticas ⵜⵓⵙⵏⴰⴽⵜ f ( Tusnakt ) matematika hisabati matematik c matematika sipnayan математика ( matematika ) риёзиёт ( riyoziyot ) கணிதம் ( kaṇitam ) గణితం ( gaṇitaṃ ) లెక్కలు ( lekkalu ) matemátika คณิตศาสตร์ ( ká-nít-dtà-sàat ) ཨང་རྩིས ( ang rtsis ) matematik matematika матема́тика f ( matemátyka ) myrowc f ( riyāzī ) m ( ganit ) ( matëmatika ) matematika matemàtega toán học matemat matõmaatiga matematika mathemateg wiskunde xayma математика ( matematika ) f ( matematik ) mathematiki ( Southern Zazaki ) matematik rekenvaardigheid f wiskunde f μαθηματικά ( mathimatiká ) lissafi matematica f គណិត ( kak nit ) matematîk f jimarnasî f bîrkarî f jimêryarî f hesab f matematiku m matematika f matematik m matematik c matematik See also [ ] Wikipedia Wikipedia polymath polymath Further reading [ ] PlanetMath.Org Encyclopedia Mathematics using gifs Mathworld Encyclopedia English terms derived from Old French English terms derived from Latin English terms derived from Ancient Greek English 4-syllable words English terms with IPA pronunciation English terms with audio links English lemmas English nouns English uncountable nouns Terms with manual transliterations different from the automated ones/as en:Mathematics etyl cleanup/en Terms with manual transliterations different from the automated ones Terms with manual transliterations different from the automated ones/km Terms with manual transliterations different from the automated ones/ne Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Entry Entry Discussion Discussion Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit History History More More
Navigation Main Page Community portal Preferences Requested entries Recent changes Random entry Help Glossary Donations Contact us Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page In other languages العربية Aymar aru Azərbaycanca Bân-lâm-gú Català Čeština Corsu Cymraeg Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español فارسی Français Galego 한국어 Հայերեն Hrvatski Ido Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ಕನ್ನಡ Қазақша Kurdî ລາວ Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Malagasy മലയാളം မြန်မာဘာသာ Na Vosa Vakaviti Nederlands 日本語 Oromoo Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча ភាសាខ្មែរ Polski Português Română Simple English Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย Тоҷикӣ ᏣᎳᎩ Türkçe Tiếng Việt 中文 Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version
This page was last edited on 8 September 2017, at 10:56. Privacy policy About Wiktionary Disclaimers Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewMathematics | Undergraduate Study
Study at Cambridge Fees and funding Frequently asked
questions About the University Research at Cambridge
Undergraduate Study
Home Why Cambridge overview Cambridge explained Student life overview The Cambridge area Accommodation Sport Societies Students' Unions Support overview College welfare Disabled students overview Disabled student applications Care leaver support overview Care leaver applications Events for care leavers Realise student snapshots Travel Fund Mature students overview Mature student applications Second undergraduate degrees Counselling Student parents Careers Courses overview About our courses How will I be taught? Facilities and resources Subjects Colleges overview What is a College? Choosing a College College open days College contacts Area links overview East Midlands overview Derby Derbyshire Leicester City Leicestershire Lincolnshire Northamptonshire Nottinghamshire Rutland East of England overview Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire Essex Hertfordshire Luton Norfolk Peterborough Southend-on-Sea Suffolk Thurrock Greater London overview Barking and Dagenham Barnet Bexley Brent Bromley Camden City of London City of Westminster Croydon Ealing Enfield Greenwich Hackney Hammersmith and Fulham Haringey Harrow Havering Hillingdon Hounslow Islington Kensington and Chelsea Kingston Lambeth Lewisham Merton Newham Redbridge Richmond Southwark Sutton Tower Hamlets Waltham Forest Wandsworth North East overview Darlington Durham Gateshead Hartlepool Middlesbrough Newcastle North Tyneside Northumberland Redcar and Cleveland South Tyneside Stockton-on-Tees Sunderland North West overview Blackburn with Darwen Blackpool Bolton Bury Cheshire Crewe Cumbria Halton Knowsley Lancashire Liverpool Manchester Oldham Rochdale Salford Sefton St Helens Stockport Tameside Telford and Wrekin Trafford Warrington Wigan Wirral Northern Ireland Scotland South East overview Bracknell Forest Hampshire Kent Maidenhead Medway Milton Keynes Oxfordshire Portsmouth Slough Southampton Surrey Sussex Windsor Buckinghamshire Reading West Berkshire Wokingham South West overview Bath and North East Somerset Bournemouth Bristol Cornwall Devon Dorset Gloucestershire North Somerset Plymouth Poole Somerset South Gloucestershire Swindon Torbay Wiltshire Wales overview North Wales and Ceredigion South Wales and Powys West Midlands overview Birmingham Coventry Dudley Herefordshire Sandwell Shropshire Solihull Staffordshire Stoke Walsall Warwickshire Wolverhampton Worcestershire Yorkshire and Humber overview Barnsley Bradford Calderdale Doncaster East Yorkshire Huddersfield and Kirklees Kingston-upon-Hull Leeds North East Lincolnshire North Lincolnshire North Yorkshire Rotherham Sheffield Wakefield York Finance overview Tuition fees Living costs Financial support overview Government financial support Cambridge financial support Students from England Students from Scotland Students from Wales Students from Northern Ireland Students from the EU Music awards overview Choral awards overview Which Colleges have Choral Awards? Are there any restrictions? Can I join when I arrive at Cambridge? How do I apply? Pooled applicants What will happen at the audition? Aural tests for choral award auditions Information from the Colleges How can I find out more? Cambridge Choral Experience Instrumental awards overview What instruments are eligible? What happens at the audition? How do I apply? Organ scholarships overview Which Colleges have Organ Scholars? What vacancies are there for entry in 2018 and 2019? Are there any restrictions? When do the auditions and interviews take place? What will happen at the audition? How do I apply? Information from the Colleges Applying overview What are we looking for? Dates and deadlines Entrance requirements overview Course requirements Age requirement English language requirements STEP and Further Mathematics Students at other UK universities UCAS application overview Making an open application Supplementary Application Questionnaire (SAQ) overview Completing the SAQ SAQ FAQ Cambridge Online Preliminary Application (COPA) overview Completing the COPA COPA sections Submitting the COPA COPA fees COPA checklist COPA FAQ COPA Terms and Conditions Transcripts Admission assessments overview Pre-interview assessments At-interview assessments Submitted work Interviews overview Why do we interview? What do interviews involve? How should I prepare? Decisions overview Feedback on admissions decisions Extenuating circumstances form Admissions Policy overview International Undergraduate Admissions Contextual data Criminal convictions Appeals and Complaints International overview Why Cambridge? International applications Application timetable Overseas interviews International entrance requirements EU and International qualifications English language requirements International fees and costs International financial support Tuition fee status Visas and immigration International events Visiting students Events overview Events listing How We Use Participant Data Open Days overview Cambridge Open Days overview Open Days FAQ College open days Department open days Student Conferences Sutton Trust Summer Schools overview How do I apply? Eligibility criteria Selection Summer Schools programme Important dates Frequently Asked Questions Experience Cambridge Subject Masterclasses overview Subject Masterclasses FAQ The Subject Matters Children in care events Higher education fairs International events Events for teachers overview Regional Teachers' Roadshow Travel advice Find out more overview 60 Second Impressions Publications Order a Prospectus Widening participation overview Insight Realise project Sutton Scholars HE+ Sutton Trust Summer Schools Experience Cambridge Teachers and parents overview Oxford and Cambridge: the similarities and differences Written assessment Helping students prepare School/college reference Area links Events for teachers Application statistics FAQ Contact us Mathematics
(including Mathematics with Physics)   Container Overview Mathematics at Cambridge The Cambridge Mathematics course is often considered to be the most demanding undergraduate Mathematics course available in Britain and, correspondingly, one of the most rewarding. Two other aspects of the course that our students greatly appreciate are its flexibility and the breadth of subjects offered. The amount of choice increases each year and after Year 1 the workload isn’t fixed so you can choose the number of options you study to suit your own work pattern. Some students take as many options as they can; others take fewer and study them very thoroughly. Our Faculty Since Sir Isaac Newton was Lucasian Professor (1669-96), mathematics teaching and research here have been enhanced by a string of brilliant mathematicians, including six Fields Medallists and even Nobel Prize winners. Most current Faculty members are leading international authorities on their subject. Additional course costs Changing course Over the years, mathematicians have changed successfully to nearly every other subject taught at Cambridge. However, it's not advisable to apply for Mathematics intending to transfer to a subject other than Physics. Careers A Cambridge Mathematics degree is versatile and very marketable. The demand for our mathematicians is high in business, commerce and industry, as well as the academic world. Around 45% of our students go on to further study, while others follow a wide variety of careers. Recent graduates include a metrologist, sports statistician, journalist, and an avionics, radar and communications engineer, as well as teachers, actuaries, accountants, IT specialists, financiers and consultants. Course Outline Course outline In Year 1, you typically have 12 lectures and two supervisions each week. In the following years, the greater choice and flexibility means that the pattern of lectures and supervisions is more irregular, but the average load is roughly the same. You sit four written examination papers each year. In addition, there are optional computer projects in Years 2 and 3. In the fourth year, each course is examined individually, and you have the option of submitting an essay on a current research topic. Year 1 (Part IA) In the first year, there are two options to choose from: Pure and Applied Mathematics, for students intending to continue with Mathematics Mathematics with Physics, for students who may want to study Physics after the first year Part IA introduces you to the fundamentals of higher mathematics, including: the study of algebraic systems (such as groups) analysis of calculus probability mathematical methods (such as vector calculus) Newtonian dynamics and special relativity You take eight subjects. Those taking Mathematics with Physics replace two Mathematics subjects with Part IA Physics from Natural Sciences, covering, for example, kinetic theory, Fourier analysis, and electromagnetism. Year 2 (Part IB) In Part IB, you choose from around 16 options available. In most, the topics of the first year are studied in much greater depth, but some new topics are offered, for example: geometry electromagnetism, quantum mechanics and fluid dynamics applicable mathematics, which includes statistics and optimisation (a rigorous treatment of topics from decision mathematics) numerical analysis There are also optional computational projects (assessed by means of reports and programs submitted before the summer examinations), using numerical or algebraic techniques to investigate mathematical problems. Year 3 (Part II) Year 3 gives you the opportunity to explore your mathematical interests in detail. There is a very wide choice, including papers on, for example: cryptography algebraic topology number theory cosmology general relativity stochastic financial models waves automata and formal languages mathematical biology There are also optional computational projects. Year 4 (Part III, optional integrated Masters) Entry Requirements Typical offers require Course requirements Admission assessment Assessment format There is no common format written assessment for Mathematics (applicants will continue to sit STEP alongside A Levels) – Colleges will assess aptitude, knowledge base and potential through short tasks at the time of interview. You do not need to register or be registered in advance for the assessment at interview – the Colleges provide details of arrangements in the letters inviting applicants to interview. Please note that your performance in the assessment at interview will not be considered in isolation, but will be taken into account alongside the other elements of your application. For Mathematics candidates interviewed overseas, a written Maths assessment will be administered by the overseas interviewing team which will then be made available to the Cambridge College along with the overseas interview report. Submitted work Applicants are not typically asked to submit examples of written work. Some may be asked by their College to do some reading in advance of their interview, but if this is required the College will provide full details in the letter inviting the student to interview. Resources Faculty of Mathematics Explore Mathematics in more detail on the faculty website. Course Information A detailed guide to the Mathematics degree. Maths study skills A guide to the study skills that will help you study Mathematics at Cambridge, and also give you a flavour of the teaching styles here. Isaac Newton Institute Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences. NRICH Mathematics Free online mathematics resources designed to help students develop mathematical reasoning and problem-solving skills Plus Magazine An online magazine opening a door to the world of maths. Millennium Mathematics Project Maths education and outreach initiative. STEP Guidance Information about the STEP examination which applicants to study Maths at Cambridge are required to take. STEP Support Programme A free series of online modules designed to help potential university applicants develop their advanced problem-solving skills and prepare for the STEP exams. Application Information A detailed guide to applying to study Mathematics at Cambridge. Underground Mathematics Online mathematics resources for A Level students and teachers. KIS Unistats Information Contextual Information From September 2012, every undergraduate course of more than one year's duration will have a Key Information Set (KIS). The KIS allows you to compare 17 pieces of information about individual courses at different higher education institutions. However, please note that superficially similar courses often have very different structures and objectives, and that the teaching, support and learning environment that best suits you can only be determined by identifying your own interests, needs, expectations and goals, and comparing them with detailed institution- and course-specific information. We recommend that you look thoroughly at the course and University information contained on these webpages and consider coming to visit us on an Open Day, rather than relying solely on statistical comparison. You may find the following notes helpful when considering information presented by the KIS. The KIS relies on superficially similar courses being coded in the same way. Whilst this works on one level, it leads to some anomalies. For example, Music courses and Music Technology courses can have exactly the same code despite being very different programmes with quite distinct educational and career outcomes. Any course which combines several disciplines (as many courses at Cambridge do) tends to be compared nationally with courses in just one of those disciplines, and in such cases a KIS comparison may not be an accurate or fair reflection of the reality of either. For example, you may find that when considering a degree which embraces a range of disciplines such as biology, physics, chemistry and geology (for instance, Natural Sciences at Cambridge), the comparison provided is with courses at other institutions that primarily focus on just one (or a smaller combination) of those subjects. Whilst the KIS makes reference to some broad types of financial support offered by institutions, it cannot compare packages offered by different institutions. Different students have different circumstances and requirements, and you should weigh up what matters to you most: level of fee; fee waivers; means-tested support such as bursaries; non-means-tested support such as academic scholarships and study grants; and living costs such as accommodation, travel. The KIS provides a typical cost of private (ie non-university) accommodation. This is very difficult to estimate as prices and properties vary. University accommodation can be substantially cheaper, and if you are likely to live in College for much or all of the duration of your course (as is the case at Cambridge), then the cost of private accommodation will be of less or no relevance for you. The KIS also provides the typical annual cost of university accommodation and the number of beds available. Note that since most universities offer a range of residential accommodation, you should check with institutions about the likelihood of securing a room at a price that suits your budget. Knowing the number of beds available is not necessarily useful: it may be much more important to find out if all students are guaranteed accommodation. Time in lectures, seminars and similar can vary enormously by institution depending on the structure of the course, and the quality of such contact time should be the primary consideration. Whilst starting salaries can be a useful measure, they do not give any sense of career trajectory or take account of the voluntary/low paid work that many graduates undertake initially in order to gain valuable experience necessary/advantageous for later career progression. The above list is not exhaustive and there may be other important factors that are relevant to the choices that you are making, but we hope that this will be a useful starting point to help you delve deeper than the face value of the KIS data. Fact File Available at all Colleges except Wolfson. Most Colleges don't encourage deferred entry. Course Film Cambridge Admissions Office About this site Our website Cookies Privacy policy How we use participant data Contact us Information for Teachers and Parents International students Disabled students Mature students   Social share © 2017 University of Cambridge Study at Cambridge About the University Research at CambridgeWMI - Warwick Mathematics Institute
Study Research Business Alumni News Global Mathematics Institute
Mathematics Institute
Undergraduates Postgraduates Research information Events News Update on search for new HoD July 2017 András Máthé invited to speak at ICM2018 June 2017 András Máthé awarded Whitehead Prize April 2017 Bill Gates praises University of Warwicks impact in fight against Neglected Tropical Diseases Warwick Maths on Facebook Warwick Maths on Twitter © MMXVII Terms Privacy Cookies AccessibilityMathematics
UCL Home Prospective students Current students Staff Give . . UCL Department of Mathematics FACULTY OF MATHEMATICAL AND PHYSICAL SCIENCES (MAPS) Home Prospective Students Outreach Current Undergraduates Current Graduate Students Courses & Modules Research Events Staff Department & Sub-Divisions Find Us Vacancies Women In Mathematics Athena SWAN Departmental Intranet Helen Wilson and Adam Townsend publish a paper on 'The Physics of Chocolate Fountains' Chalkdust Magazine UCL-University of Cape Town Financial Mathematics Team Challenge UCL Department of Mathematics News for Department of Mathematics Sep 11, 2017 12:20:11 PM Sep 8, 2017 3:56:04 PM Aug 9, 2017 12:19:52 PM Jul 20, 2017 2:20:00 PM Disclaimer Freedom of Information Accessibility Privacy Cookies Slavery statement Contact Us
University College London - Gower Street - London - WC1E 6BT
Tel +44 (0)20 7679 2000 © UCL 1999–2017Wolfram MathWorld: The Web's Most Extensive Mathematics Resource
Mathematica 11.2 Released >> Wolfram|Alpha Meets MathWorld >> 49th Known Mersenne Prime Announced >> Computational knowledge engine for math and much much more....National Museum of Mathematics
Home Visit Exhibits Contribute About Press Gallery Join Jobs Shop Welcome to the National Museum of Mathematics Welcome to the National Museum of Mathematics Award-winning Museum! The National Museum of Mathematics (MoMath) is pleased to have been recognized with the following awards: The Museum is located at 11 East 26th Street in Manhattan and is open from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm, seven days a week, 364 days a year (MoMath is closed on Thanksgiving Day). Directions Visit the Museum Upcoming Events Upcoming Events _____________ _____________ Weekend programs for families Beautiful Math Now featuring Stephen Wolfram! Varsity Math Expansions Summer groups at MoMath Bring your school, camp, or other group to MoMath this summer and experience one of MoMath’s hands-on, educator-led sessions! Take a field trip to MoMath! Teachers: bring exciting math exhibits to your school Birthday parties and more at MoMath Host a one-of-a-kind party for your child (or yourself) at MoMath! Astronaut Eileen Collins talks about math New York Magazine Named New York State’s Top Museum Worth Traveling For Become part of the MoMath team "[T]oday I experienced exactly what you want to see in a museum like yours: families, with all members engaged, talking with each other about the activities that you have for them, and learning and exploring in the process.
The five of us had a great time." "[T]oday I experienced exactly what you want to see in a museum like yours: families, with all members engaged, talking with each other about the activities that you have for them, and learning and exploring in the process.
The five of us had a great time." Follow Us Events and Activities Math Encounters Family Fridays National Museum of Mathematics Home Visit Exhibits Contribute About Press Gallery Join Jobs ShopQuantity - Wikipedia
Quantity Along with analyzing its nature and classification, the issues of quantity involve such closely related topics as the relation of magnitudes and multitudes, dimensionality, equality, proportion, the measurements of quantities, the units of measurements, number and numbering systems, the types of numbers and their relations to each other as numerical ratios. Contents 1 Background 2 Quantitative structure 3 Quantity in mathematics 4 Quantity in physical science 5 Quantity in natural language 6 Further examples 7 See also 8 References 9 External links Background [ ] Quantitative structure [ ] Quantity in mathematics [ ] Quantity in physical science [ ] Quantity in natural language [ ] Further examples [ ] Some further examples of quantities are: one apple, two apples, three apples, where the number is an integer representing the count of a denumerable collection of objects (apples) 500 people (also a count) OPEC has a few members See also [ ] Dimensionless quantity Quantification (science) Observable quantity References [ ] ^ Aristotle, Physical Treatises: Physics, in Great Books of the Western World, V.1, ed. by Adler, M.J., Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., Chicago (1990) Aristotle, Metaphysics, in Great Books of the Western World, V.1, ed. by Adler, M.J., Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., Chicago (1990) External links [ ] Concepts in metaphysics Measurement Ontology Quantity Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2012 All Wikipedia articles needing clarification Articles lacking in-text citations from July 2010 All articles lacking in-text citations Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Article Talk Talk Variants
Views Read Read Edit Edit View history View history More More
Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikiquote Languages العربية Български Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français 한국어 Hrvatski Italiano ಕನ್ನಡ Kreyòl ayisyen Кыргызча Latina Magyar Македонски 日本語 Polski Português Русский Scots Sicilianu Simple English Slovenčina کوردی Српски / srpski Suomi Svenska Tagalog Тоҷикӣ Türkçe Українська اردو Winaray 吴语 中文 Edit links
This page was last edited on 14 September 2017, at 10:58. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewWhy Math Is the Best Way to Make Sense of the World | WIRED
Why Math Is the Best Way to Make Sense of the World business culture design gear science security transportation photo video backchannel business culture design gear science security transportation photo video backchannel Photo Video Backchannel Magazine Wired Insider submit Ariel Bleicher science science 09.16.17 07:00 am Why Math Is the Best Way to Make Sense of the World share tweet comment email Ariel Bleicher science science 09.16.17 07:00 am Why Math Is the Best Way to Make Sense of the World Kevin Hartnett The Mathematician Who Will Make You Fall in Love With Numbers Kevin Hartnett A Math Genius Blooms Late and Conquers His Field Kevin Hartnett Mathematicians Are Building a Unified Theory of Geometric Randomness Science The Powerball jackpot is over a billion dollars but what are your chances?
#mathematics #quanta magazine #STEM security business business More Stories View Comments Matt Simon Megan Molteni Robbert Dijkgraaf Lizzie Wade Robin Seemangal Robbie Gonzalez Climate Change How Bizarre Is This Year’s Wildfire Season, Really? Joe Eaton Disasters Who's Home at the White House Science Office? Dave Levitan Space Watch Live as NASA's Cassini Finally Faces Its Fiery Doom Emma Grey Ellis science Resurrecting a Long-Lost Galapagos Giant Tortoise Emma Marris Genetics With Designer Bacteria, Crops Could One Day Fertilize Themselves Megan Molteni Physics Let's Use Physics to Measure Just How Hulky the Hulk Is Rhett Allain Megan Molteni Eric Niiler Rhett Allain Megan Molteni submit Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Accessibility Help Customer Care Contact Us Securedrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN CollectionWhy study of mathematics is important – WAEC Registrar | The NEWS
Scroll to Top Nigerian News African News World News Metro Politics Electricity Oil & Gas Industry Info-Tech Football Basketball Athletics Formula One Premier League Lawn Tennis Film & Video Music Environment Photo Video Special Report Opinion Issues LifeStyle About Us Contact us Advertise With Us
Why study of mathematics is important – WAEC Registrar
Aug 23 2017 - 9:27am
Education Nigerian News The Registrar, West African Examinations Council (WAEC) Dr Iyi Uwadiae says the knowledge of Mathematics remained indispensable for further studies and national development. Uwadiae said this in his keynote address at the 54th Annual Conference of the Mathematical Association of Nigeria (MAN) The theme of the conference is: Mathematics as Key to Sustainable Change in Growth and Development. According to him, the essence of Mathematics education at both the basic and Senior Secondary school levels includes raising individuals that will comprehend, analyse, synthesise, evaluate and make generalisations in order to solve Mathematical problems among other skills. “Mathematics provides a powerful and universal language that is appropriate when communicating Mathematics ideas, reasoning and findings both orally and in writing, especially in this 21st century. “The progress of a nation is measured in terms of its ability to meet the needs of its citizens. “Every nation therefore makes concerted efforts to meet these needs in the most effective and efficient manner. “Nigeria is a developing nation and that is why it is still grappling with poverty, hunger, overpopulation, unemployment, diseases and many others and therefore, a lot needs to be done to tackle these setbacks and make it comparable with other developed nations. “A good foundational skill in Mathematics is therefore sine qua non to improvement in the various sectors and therefore as a subject, it should be given its pride of place in the school curriculum. “There is no doubt that education us a tool for national develooment. The knowledge and skills required for such development are acquired from the carious subjects and courses studied in school,” the WAEC boss said. Uwaduae added that Mathematics equips students with analytical and logical minds needed to learn the other subjects. He said that student’s achievements in Mathematics enable them to develop self -confidence and become self radiant. “It could be argued that the more self-confident a student is, the more easily he or she could learn any subject and the more meaningful contributions they could make to national development,” he said. Uwadiae said that Mathematics was the language of Science, Technology and Engineering adding that the developments in these areas and their contributions to global development were made possible by knowledge of Mathematics. He noted that understanding Mathematics was essential to understanding the output, usually presented in the form of computer graphics and sequences of contoured fields of the basic variables. “Thus, there is need for meteorologists to have good Mathematics skills as the impact of weather forecast on aviation, agriculture transportation , tourism and other allied sectors on national growth and development cannot be ignored. “Schools’ ability to improve students’ basic skills in Mathematics and literacy are important to economic growth. “Students enrollment measures do not reflect how much students are learning as knowledge capital is what matters in national development and as cognitive skills are highly related to growth,” he said. The WAEC boss further added that Mathematics is a prerequisite for admission into tertiary institutiobs for many courses and also for effective performances in some occupations. Accordingcto him, the majority of the candidates will not be qualified for admission into higher institution or be effective at work. “If such students are not encouraged and motivated to improve in their oerformances, a large number of them may drop out and the desired growth and development in our nation may be difficult to achieve,” he said. He however identified the fear of Mathematics, inappropriate teaching methods, inadequate qualified Mathematics teachers as well as inadequate infrastructure as some of the challenges militating against the development and mastry of the subject among the students. Uwadiae said that efforts must be made by parents, guardians, counsellors, principals and other stakeholders to change students’ mindsets about Mathematics being a monster subject. He also said that admission of students to study Mathematics at the university should be based on academic qualification instead of catchment area. According to him, one of the greatest tragedies of the past decades is the collapse of an education system which was founded on sound developmental goals. “It is imperative to address the litany of challenges of teaching and learning of Mathematics in the Nigerian education system . “The tasks ahead are numerous and daunting It is clear, that it will be imposible for these radks to be tackled by government alone. “The involvement of major stakeholders in all sectors of the economy will be essential if the goals and potentials of Nigeria are to be realised,” he said (NAN) In pictures: Buhari departs Abuja to New York for UN function Speed up revitalisation of Ajaokuta, ALSCON, Mining Council urges FG Lagos State Opens Nigeria’s First DNA Forensic Lab On the mindless violence from the east Erkahraman, Nnamdi Kanu’s friend, not our diplomat – Turkey NIMC registers 21.6m Nigerians Senate wants FG to revoke N3.2bn road contract in Benue Police arrest 9 rape suspects in. Enugu Who We Are About Us Contact us Advertise With Us Payment Methods Get news updates. Enter your email address: « Jul   Sep »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31Department of Mathematics - Home
Home About Us Back Contact Us Directions News Sustainability Historical Collections Brin Postdoctoral Program Visitor Information Positions Available People Back All Faculty Staff Lecturers Emeritus Graduate Students Postdocs and Visitors Affiliate Faculty Undergraduate Back Courses Resources Math Majors Opportunities Credit, Placement, and Advising Where did they go? Fun with Math SCHOL Staff Graduate Back Current Classes Courses Prospective Students Current Students Staff Research Back This Week's Talks Colloquium Seminars Conferences Faculty Research Interests Research Groups Resources Aziz Lectures Kirwan Undergraduate Lectures Next Week's Talks Outreach Back High School MAPS-REU Internal Back Computing Help Women in Math Directed Reading Program Business Office … Read More … Read More … Read More … Read More … Read More 1 1 2 2 3 3 4 4 5 5 Read More
William E. Kirwan Hall, home of the Mathematics Department
The Experimental Geometry Lab explores the structure of low dimensional space
Maryland mathematicians help to investigate the inner workings of E_8
Hyperbolic Space Tiled with Dodecahedra
Isotropoic Gaussian random field with Matern correlation
Part of the proof of the Peter-Weyl theorem							 Today's Talks
Quick Links Math Directory Undergraduate Graduate Seminars Colloquium Conferences Travel Forms UMD Campus Directory UMD Campus Map Metro Rail Map UMShuttle RoutesAmerican Mathematical Society :: Homepage
American Mathematical Society
Book Program Bookstore eBook Collections AMS Open Math Notes Mathematical Reviews Journals Notices of the AMS Bulletin of the AMS Licensing Information Author Resource Center
National International Sectional Short Courses AMS Conferences Special Lectures Mathematics Calendar Submitting Abstracts
Data on the Profession For Department Leaders Employment Services Career Information Directory of Institutions Prizes and Awards Fellows of the AMS Professional Directory Grants & Opportunities Programs for New Faculty
Join the AMS Services & Benefits Renew Your Membership Membership Directory (CML) Graduate Student Chapters
Mathematics Research Communities Travel Grants AMS Fellowships Supporting Educational Initiatives Book Donation Program Programs for Students Increasing Diversity Other Sources of Funding
Mathematical Moments AMS Posters Feature Column Mathematical Imagery Mathematics and Statistics Awareness Month Mathematics History: AMS Books and Resources More Websites to Explore
Government Relations & Programs Policy & Advocacy News
AMS News Releases Math in the Media In Memory Of . . . Headlines & Deadlines AMS for Students Information for the Media Inside Science TV Contact the Public Awareness Office
Society Governance Give to the AMS AMS in the News Executive Staff Public Awareness Jobs with AMS Annual Reports Books about the AMS AMS Presidents: A Timeline Contact Us Rigidity of Frameworks First African-American Woman Math PhD Math and Gerrymandering Free Shipping for AMS Members Scholarly Kitchen Take AMS eBooks With You New eBook Collections Now available for pre-order! Bulletin of the AMSUT Mathematics
The University of Texas at Austin Giving News Events Outreach Directory About Us Directions Directions Contact Us Contact Us Directory Directory Employment Faculty Faculty Lecturer Lecturer Grading Jobs Grading Jobs Learning Assistants Learning Assistants Teaching Assistants Teaching Assistants Student clubs Actuarial Sci Club Actuarial Sci Club Math Club Math Club Sat Morning Math Sat Morning Math AWM Student Chapter AWM Student Chapter Newsletters Newsletters People Faculty Faculty Courtesy Appts Courtesy Appts Emeritus Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Staff Grad Students Grad Students In Memoriam In Memoriam Academics Undergraduate Undergraduate Graduate Graduate Actuarial Science Actuarial Science UTeach UTeach Dana Center Dana Center Courses Course Descriptions Course Descriptions Course Syllabi Course Syllabi Syllabi/CV Search Syllabi/CV Search Course Schedule Course Schedule Textbook Listing Textbook Listing Inquiry Based Learning Inquiry Based Learning Outreach Saturday Math Group Saturday Math Group Math Club Math Club Teachers Circle Teachers Circle Research Research Interests Research Interests Seminars Seminars RTGs RTGs UT-Portugal CoLab UT-Portugal CoLab Women in Math Women in Math Online Videos Online Videos Interdisciplinarity Simons Math+X Simons Math+X Math+Neuro Math+Neuro Services Administration Administration Business Forms Business Forms Computing FAQ FAQ Weblogs Weblogs Ssh to UT Math Ssh to UT Math Howtos Howtos Floor Maps The 8th Level The 8th Level The 9th Level The 9th Level The 10th Level The 10th Level The 11th Level The 11th Level The 12th Level The 12th Level The 13th Level The 13th Level RLM Recyling RLM Recyling Webmail Webmail SquirrelMail SquirrelMail Alumni & Friends Support UT Math Support UT Math Alumnae & Alumni Alumnae & Alumni News & Events Seminar Calendar Seminar Calendar Conferences Conferences Awards Awards Photo Gallery Photo Gallery Calendars Calendars Newsletters Newsletters Quick Links Quest Quest Bevoware Bevoware Canvas Canvas UT Direct UT Direct MathSciNet MathSciNet MP_arc MP_arc CCRT CCRT Seminars & Announcements Sunday Sep 17 2017 Sunday Sep 17 2017 09/17
Upcoming Conferences
Kinetic equations play vital roles in the modeling of physical systems ranging from gas dynamics,
plasmas, semiconductor devices to biological and social sciences. The study of kinetic equations
brings out rich mathematics and calls for special techniques from analysis, numerical analysis and
scientific computing.
The aim of this conference is to bring together junior and senior experts in
all aspects of kinetic equations and provide the state of the art and most recent developments in
the field.
The weekend-long TGTC conference at the Mathematics Department of UT Austin features leading
researchers in low-dimensional topology, hyperbolic geometry, geometric group theory, gauge theory
and symplectic topology.
Latest News The work of Alexis Vasseur and Cheng Yu will be the topic of a presentation at the Seminaire
Bourbaki in IHP, Paris June 7, 2017 James Carter Smith won the Marjorie Morales Award for Excellence in Mathematics Research May 1 , 2017 Invited talks at ICM 2018 April 15 , 2017
Lewis Bowen, Sean Keel, and Alan Reid have been invited to present
45 min talks at the International Congress of Mathematicians 2018 in Rio de Janeiro.
We congratulate them for this high distinction.
CWUR ranks "interdisciplinary applications of math" at UT #1 in the world April 3 , 2017 Taillefumier has been awarded a Sloan Fellowship March 17 , 2017 Milicia Cudina to receive John Durbin Teaching Award
March 3 , 2017
Milicia Cudina has been selected to receive the 2017 John Durbin
Teaching award. This is a distinguished
recognition of Milicia's service to the Actuarial Program, in particular
her development and teaching of M339D and M339W.
Mathematics is Ranked No. 12 in World by U.S. News Oct 25 , 2016 Engquist receives the 2016 ICCM International Cooperation Award Oct 12 , 2016
Bjorn Engquist received the 2016 International Congress of Chinese
Mathematicians (ICCM) International Cooperation Award for his significant
contributions in nurturing and mentoring a large number of outstanding
Chinese mathematicians, and his strong support of the Chinese mathematical
community throughout his career.
Rachel Ward received 2016 IMA Prize in Mathematics and its Applications Oct 12 , 2016
The IMA Prize in Mathematics and its Applications is awarded annually to a
mathematical scientist who is within 10 years of having received his or
her Ph.D. degree. The award recognizes an individual who has made a
transformative impact on the mathematical sciences and their applications.
Irene Gamba to give SIAM plenary address Aug 13 , 2016
Irene has been
invited to give a plenary lecture at the annual Joint Mathematics
Meeting in Atlanta in January 2017. Irene will deliver the SIAM Invited
Address.
Travis was awarded the 2016 Andrè Lichnerowicz Prize July 11 , 2016
Travis Schedler was awarded the 2016 Andrè Lichnerowicz Prize in Poisson
geometry (shared with Pavel Mnev) at the "International Conference on Poisson Geometry
in Mathematics and Physics" conference, held on July 4-8 at ETH Zurich.Homepage | Mathematical Association of America
Home Math Careers Contact Us Login Search form Login Join Give Shops MAA Centennial MathDL Spotlight: Archives of American Mathematics MAA Presidents Congress Council and Committees Bylaws Board of Governors Handbook Policy on Conflict of Interest Statement about Conflict of Interest Recording or Broadcasting of MAA Events Policy for Establishing Endowments and Funds Welcoming Environment, Code of Ethics, and Whistleblower Policy Avoiding Implicit Bias Copyright Agreement Principal Investigator's Manual Advocacy The Second Century Campaign The MAA River of Bricks Planned Giving The Icosahedron Society Our Partners Advertise with MAA Employment Opportunities Staff Directory Contact Us Membership Categories Become a Member Membership Renewal NASA Federal Credit Union NASA Federal Credit Union MAA Member Lookup The American Mathematical Monthly Mathematics Magazine The College Mathematics Journal Browse How to Cite Communications in Visual Mathematics About Convergence What's in Convergence? Convergence Articles Mathematical Treasures Portrait Gallery Paul R. Halmos Photograph Collection Other Images Critics Corner Quotations Problems from Another Time Conference Calendar Guidelines for Convergence Authors MAA FOCUS Math Horizons Submissions to MAA Periodicals History of the MAA Journals Guide for Referees Browse Book Categories Book Series Browse Browse Examination Copies Examination Copies Browse MAA Library Recommendations Additional Sources for Math Book Reviews About MAA Reviews Mathematical Communication Information for Libraries Author Resources Advertise with MAA MAA Distinguished Lecture Series Past MAA Distinguished Lectures Future Meetings Invited Addresses Invited Paper Sessions Contributed Paper Sessions Panel Sessions Poster Sessions Workshops Minicourses Other Sessions Graduate Students Undergraduate Students SIGMAA Activities K-12 Activities Registration Rates Program Updates/Cancellations Social Events Schedule at a Glance Chronological Schedule About Chicago Committee Meetings Welcoming Environment Policy Program Abstract Book Sponsors and Exhibitors List Sponsors and Exhibitors List Hotel Discounts IBL Conference Joint Mathematics Meetings Proposal Deadlines MAA Policies Invited Paper Session Proposals Themed Contributed Paper Session Proposals Workshop, Panel, and Poster Session Proposals Minicourse Proposals MAA Section Meetings MAA Carriage House Schedule Rates and Room Capacities Meeting Request Form Catering MathFest Programs Archive MathFest Abstract Archive FAQs International Registrations AMC 8 AMC 10/12 Invitational Competitions Additional Competition Locations Important Dates for AMC Registration Putnam Competition Curriculum Inspirations Sliffe Award MAA K-12 Benefits Mailing List Requests Statistics & Awards Section Meetings Deadlines and Forms Programs and Services Policies and Procedures Section Resources Joining a SIGMAA Forming a SIGMAA History of SIGMAAs SIGMAA Officer Handbook SIGMAA Review Process Frequently Asked Questions Devlin's Angle Launchings Card Colm Teaching with Tech Teaching Tidbits MAAMinuteMath MAANumber A Day MAA Found Math Gallery 2015 MAA Found Math Gallery 2014 MAA Found Math Gallery 2013 MAA Found Math Gallery 2012 MAA Found Math Gallery 2011 MAA Found Math Gallery 2010 MAA Found Math Gallery 2009 MAA Found Math Gallery 2008 MAA Found Math Gallery 2007 Aftermath Mathematical Treasures MAA Books Mathematical Communication JMM MAA MathFest Section Meetings Student Travel Grants Semester and Summer Programs Opportunities to Present Information and Resources JMM Poster Session MathFest Student Paper Sessions Research Experiences for Undergraduates High School Undergraduate Graduate Reading List Reading List Competitions Curriculum Development & Resources Award Guidelines Committee on the Undergraduate Program in Mathematics CRAFTY Program Review Quantitative Literacy Survey and Reports Teaching and Learning Innovative Teaching Exchange Browse Browse Browse Browse Fellows Application Dates and Locations Past Programs Leadership Team Support Project NExT Section NExT Members INGenIOus Summary Report INGenIOus Full Report CoMInDS Members Project Overview Final Report OSTP White Paper Presentations Course Resources Industrial Math Case Studies Participating Faculty Workshop on Data Analytics Instructional Practices Guide StatPREP Strengthening Underrepresented Minority Mathematics Achievement (SUMMA) National Research Experience for Undergraduates Program (NREUP) Women and Mathematics Network Resources for Minority Faculty and Students Awards Booklets Carl B. Allendoerfer Awards Chauvenet Prizes Trevor Evans Awards Paul R. Halmos - Lester R. Ford Awards Merten M. Hasse Prize George Pólya Awards David P. Robbins Prize Beckenbach Book Prize Euler Book Prize Daniel Solow Author’s Award Henry L. Alder Award Deborah and Franklin Tepper Haimo Award Certificate of Merit Gung and Hu Distinguished Service JPBM Communications Award Meritorious Service Dolciani Award Morgan Prize Annie and John Selden Prize AMS-MAA-SIAM Gerald and Judith Porter Public Lecture AWM-MAA Falconer Lecture Hedrick Lectures James R. C. Leitzel Lecture Pólya Lecture Putnam Competition Individual and Team Winners Grant Proposal Writing Guide Apply for MAA Grant Archives Archives MAA Social Media RSS Math in the News On This Day U.S. students compete at the International Mathematical Olympiad in Brazil Congratulations to the MAA authors recognized! Watch Francis Su's speech and join the movement to make math for everyone. Homepage MAA Career Resource Center American Mathematics Competitions Save the Date AMC 8 AMC 10/12 Joint Mathematics Meetings San Diego, CA January 10-13, 2018 More Events More Events MAA 101 Refresh Giving voice to MAA’s high-profile role in a future filled with innovation. Giving voice to MAA’s high-profile role in a future filled with innovation. Giving voice to MAA’s high-profile role in a future filled with innovation. Math Careers View All Opportunities Help Your Students Network Apply for an MAA Departmental Membership to help your math students build careers and research. Apply for an MAA Departmental Membership to help your math students build careers and research. Apply for an MAA Departmental Membership to help your math students build careers and research. What's New? Top Mathematics Writers Awarded Prizes at MAA MathFest Nation’s Top Mathematics Educators Honored for 2017 U.S. Students Bring Home Medals at International Mathematics Competition in Brazil Top High School Math Olympians from USAMO Announced by MAA American Mathematics Competitions Community Center With 29 geographically distinct community groups, MAA recognizes sections as a vital component of the MAA. With 29 geographically distinct community groups, MAA recognizes sections as a vital component of the MAA. Special Interest Groups, or SIGMAAs, provide MAA members who share common mathematical interests with opportunities to organize and interact as professionals. Special Interest Groups, or SIGMAAs, provide MAA members who share common mathematical interests with opportunities to organize and interact as professionals. MAA Committees govern and lead the association. MAA Committees govern and lead the association. New Publications MAA History Governance Policies and Procedures Advocacy Support MAA Our Partners Advertise with MAA Employment Opportunities Staff Directory Contact Us Membership Categories Become a Member Membership Renewal Member Discount Programs MAA Member Lookup Periodicals Books eBooks Textbooks MAA Reviews Mathematical Communication Information for Libraries Author Resources Advertise with MAA Calendar of Events MAA MathFest 2017 Joint Mathematics Meetings Propose a Session MAA Section Meetings Carriage House Meeting Space MathFest Archive About AMC AMC 8 AMC 10/12 Invitational Competitions Additional Competition Locations Important Dates for AMC Registration Putnam Competition AMC Resources Statistics & Awards MAA Sections SIGMAAs Blogs Students High School Teachers Faculty and Departments Underrepresented Groups MAA Awards MAA Grants MAA Math Alert MAA Social Media RSS Math in the News On This Day Connect with MAA Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS GooglePlus Copyright © 2017 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Mobile Versionwww.math.cornell.edu | Department of Mathematics
Cornell Cornell University College of Arts and Sciences Department of Mathematics Visitor Info Positions Available Dept History Give to Math News Newsletter External Links Faculty Graduate Students Staff Undergraduate Graduate Courses Research Seminar Bulletin Colloquia & Seminars Conferences Outreach News Highlights A conference and software development workshop will be held July 17-21, 2017 at the University of California, Berkeley. The first two days of the meeting will be a conference on free resolutions and commutative algebra and the rest of the time will be spent hosting a Macaulay2 workshop. Congratulations to all of our 2017 graduates! Clifford John Earle Jr., Professor Emeritus of Mathematics, passed away on June 12, 2017 at the age 81 at Hospicare in Ithaca. His wife Elizabeth was by his side. Cliff was a calm and thoughtful presence in the Department for over five decades. Upcoming Events Undergraduate Math Club Monday, September 18, 2017 - 4:45pm Anna Brosowsky Cornell University An introduction to Gröbner bases Olivetti Club Tuesday, September 19, 2017 - 4:30pm Ahmad Rafiqi Cornell University Surface homeomorphisms from matrices and biPerron numbers What Is... Seminar Wednesday, September 20, 2017 - 5:30pm Gennady Uraltsev Cornell University Title TBA Oliver Club Thursday, September 21, 2017 - 4:00pm Philippe Sosoe Cornell University Title TBAHarvard Mathematics Department : Home page
Home About People Courses Undergrad Graduate Research Admin Events Seminars Conferences Sitemap FAS calendar Jobs History Computing Putnam Faculty Colloqium Mathtable CMSA PED MA-21b course assistant positions Fall 2017
The 77th Annual Putnam Exam took place on Saturday, December 3, 2016.
Please join in offering congratulations to our team members and
outstanding individuals in this year's Putnam Competition.
Special congratulations to Dong Ryul Kim for being a Putnam Fellow
(a top-five finisher in the individual competition).
Congratulations to Calvin Deng and Ravi Jagadeesen, Stefan Spataru,
David Stoner and Scott Wu for being among the next 25 highest ranking
individuals, and to Pakawut Jiradilok, Jacob J. Klegar, Jeffrey Yan and
Shyam Narayanan for honorable mentions.
In the team competition, Harvard's team came in 3rd overall.
Please congratulate our team members: Pakawut Jiradilok,
Dong Ryul Kim, and David Stoner.Department of Mathematics - Department of Mathematics, Purdue University
Search
|
Search
About Us
Diversity Statement
Job Listings
Newsletter
Giving to Mathematics
Faculty
Emeritus Faculty
Visiting Scholars
Lecturers
Graduate Students
Other Teaching Assistants
Administration and Staff
Student Organizations
Apply
Undergraduate
Graduate
Actuarial
Applied Math
Course Pages
Schedules
Textbook Listing
Graduate Course Descriptions
Tutor List
Past Exam Archive
Past Course Archive
Outside Resources
Internal Resources
Computing Information
Business Office
Information for TAs and Limited Term Lecturers
Information for Faculty
Instructor procedures for Students with Disabilities
Faculty Research Areas
Center for Computational & Applied Mathematics
Geo-Mathematical Imaging Group
Mathematical Biology Group
Research at Purdue
Seminar Calendar
Math Is Key Public Lecture Series
Upcoming Conferences
11th Annual Women in Math Day, Sept. 28 Prof. Jacqueline M. Hughes-Oliver will present lecture at 3:30pm in MATH 175 Prof. Jan S. Hesthaven to present a Distinguished Lecture Series talk Distinguished Lecture presented at 4:30 pm Monday, Sept. 11, in LWSN 1142 Summer 2017 PUrview The annual newsletter is now available in PDF. Prof. Cushman plays role in developing new battery New methods may revolutionize how we think about the electric car Mathematics Alliance receives AMS Programs that Make A Difference Award ... Seminars, Colloquiums, Talks News Stories 11th Annual Women in Math Day, Sept. 28 Prof. Jan S. Hesthaven to present a Distinguished Lecture Series talk Summer 2017 PUrview Departmental Photo Day, Aug. 22 Prof. Cushman plays role in developing new battery Actuarial Science major receives Bruce Helfert Memorial Award Conferences, Workshops Quick Links Giving to Mathematics ALEKS Placement Information Building Safety and Information Course Pages Job Listings K-12 Outreach Libraries Math Is Key Public Lectures Problem of the Week Computing Quick Links Computer Help Request Office 365 Outlook/Exchange Webmail Blackboard Eduroam myPurdue OnePurdueWelcome
Rutgers Home SAS Home Search Rutgers IT Help Webmail Sakai Department of Mathematics Department of Mathematics Rutgers SAS Navigation
1
2
Welcome	 The Mathematics Department of the Rutgers School of Arts and Sciences is one of the oldest mathematics departments in the United States, graduating its first major in 1776.  The
enrolls approximately twenty-three thousand students each year and counts five hundred majors, while the   covers all areas of pure and applied mathematics.  In addition, our
program enrolls approximately one hundred masters students.    We encourage you to
with any questions. Events Sun Sep 17 @ 8:00AM 05:00PM Simon Thomas: the first sixty years Mon Sep 18 @12:00PM 01:20PM The conjecture of Erdos-Szemeredi Mon Sep 18 @ 2:00PM 03:00PM Tiling with Arbitrary Tiles Mon Sep 18 @ 5:00PM 06:00PM Atomic saturation of reduced power II  Tue Sep 19 @ 1:40PM 02:40PM  On the Prandtl's boundary layer theory Teaching Schedules Seminars Outreach Announcements Special Permission System Office Hours Final Examination Schedules Read All Honors, Awards, Distinction Work of Viazovska, Cohn, Kumar, Miller, and Radchenko featured in Quanta Magazine Mischaikow and collaborators publish new results on regulatory network models in systems biology Barlaz Professor of Mathematics Pham Huu Tiep receives invitation to speak at the 2018 International Congress of Mathematicians Saharon Shelah co-winner of Third Hausdorff Medal 2017 Former Hill Asst Professor Eduardo Teixeira wins the 2017 Ramanujan Prize Read All Connect with Rutgers Explore SAS Quick Links Contact Us Department of Mathematics Math Home Sitemap Site Feedback LoginStony Brook Mathematics Department and Institute for Mathematical Sciences | Stony Brook University
Mathematics Department and the Institute for Mathematical Sciences
Search form Main menu Home Courses Course Schedules Undergraduate course webpages Graduate course webpages Education course webpages First and Second Year Course Overview People Department Directory Faculty Directory Faculty Gallery Staff PhD Students Masters Students PhD Students By Year Faculty Areas of Interest Faculty Awards and Honors Office Hours Genealogy PhD Alumni Committees Calendars Department and IMS Events Department and IMS Events (Google) Simons Center Events YITP Academic Calendars Undergraduate About Mathematics Placement Exam Information Mathematics Placement Examination Math Learning Center Major in Mathematics Advanced Track Honors Program in Mathematics Acceptable upper-division courses for MAT degree Mathematics Secondary Teacher Education Program Minor in Mathematics Degree Checklists Sample Course Sequence for the Major in Mathematics Transfer Credit Undergraduate Advising Schedule Math Club SBU Bulletin: Mathematics Graduate Graduate Program Description Applying for PhD Program PhD Requirements Masters Program (Secondary Teaching Option) Master of Arts Degree (Professional Option) Master of Arts in Teaching Mathematics SBU Graduate School Core Courses SBU Bulletin: Mathematics Conferences Research Research Areas Faculty Research Areas of Interest Dynamical Systems Page I.M.S. Preprints Library Resources Affiliations Stony Brook University College of Arts and Sciences Simons Center for Geometry and Physics Yang Institute for Theoretical Physics Contact Us Quick Links Course schedules Room reservations Office hours Undergraduate Advising Schedule RTG in Geometry Institute for Mathematical Sciences Simons Center for Geometry and Physics Libraries Math Learning Center Members Video Archive Math News Mathematics Colloquium Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Mathematics Colloquium Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Mathematics Colloquium Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Mathematics Colloquium Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Mathematics Department, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY, 11794-3651, USA Stony Brook Mathematics Department and Institute for Mathematical Sciences     Fields Institute video featuring brief interview with John Milnor Fields Institute video featuring brief interview with John Milnor Fields Institute video featuring brief interview with John Milnor Congratulations to Julia Viro, on being named a Senior Lecturer Congratulations to Julia Viro, on being named a Senior Lecturer Congratulations to Julia Viro, on being named a Senior Lecturer         Upcoming Events Stony Brook University News Dr. James A. Vosswinkel Named First Endowed Professor of Trauma Surgery Thursday, September 14, 2017 - 11:03 James A. Vosswinkel, MD, Chief of Trauma, Emergency Surgery and Surgical Critical Care, and Medical Director of the Stony Brook Trauma Center and Surgical Intensive Care Unit at Stony Brook Medicine, was named the inaugural Lillian and Leonard Schneider Endowed Professor in Trauma Surgery at a Stony Brook University investiture ceremony on September 7, 2017. E-Mental Health Tool May Be Key for Astronauts to Cope with Anxiety, Depression in Space Wednesday, September 13, 2017 - 11:20 A clinical trial of an innovative e-mental health tool led by a Stony Brook University psychiatry professor to help address stress, anxiety and/or depression will begin on September 18. The trial is designed to inform the delivery of mental health treatments for astronauts on long duration space missions. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)-funded study involves "astronaut-like" individuals and is being developed in conjunction with researchers from the Black Dog Institute in Australia. Stony Brook University Recognized For Retention and Increased Graduation Rates in U.S. News & World Report's 2018 Best Colleges Tuesday, September 12, 2017 - 18:30 Stony Brook University is once again ranked within the top 100 among U.S. colleges and universities (#97) and ranks as #41 among public universities according to the U.S. News & World Report's 2018 Best Colleges. Stony Brook also fared much better than expected in the category of 6-year graduation rate by achieving a 72 percent graduation rate vs. the expected rate of 69 percent. New Cardiac Cath Lab Brings Lifesaving Care to the North and South Forks Wednesday, September 6, 2017 - 10:00 On Tuesday, September 5, Stony Brook Medicine opened a fully-operational cardiac catheterization laboratory at Stony Brook Southampton Hospital, making it the only facility on the East End of Long Island capable of providing clinically complex care to critically ill heart patients. Services offered include cardiac catheterization, angioplasty, stenting, intravascular ultrasound, and Impella®, a treatment to improve blood flow in heart failure patients requiring care in the lab. New Computational Model of Chemical Building Blocks May Help Explain the Origins of Life Wednesday, August 23, 2017 - 14:13 Scientists have yet to understand and explain how life's informational molecules - proteins and DNA and RNA - arose from simpler chemicals when life on earth emerged some four billion years ago. Now a research team from the Stony Brook University Laufer Center for Physical and Quantitative Biology and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory believe they have the answer. They developed a computational model explaining how certain molecules fold and bind together to grow longer and more complex, leading from simple chemicals to primitive biological molecules. The findings are reported early online in PNAS. Research Center Established to Explore the Least Understood and Strongest Force Behind Visible Matter Tuesday, August 22, 2017 - 10:01 Science can explain only a small portion of the matter that makes up the universe, from the earth we walk on to the stars we see at night. Stony Brook University and the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) have established the Center for Frontiers of Nuclear Science to help scientists better understand the building blocks of visible matter. The new Center will push the frontiers of knowledge about quarks, gluons and their interactions that form protons, neutrons, and ultimately 99.9 percent of the mass of atoms - the bulk of the visible universe. LI Natives, international Students Make up Diverse Group of Incoming Med Students Monday, August 21, 2017 - 12:47 Future physicians took the Hippocratic Oath and donned physician-in-training white coats for the first time at Stony Brook University's traditional White Coat Ceremony, the 20th annual event held on August 13 at the Student Activities Center. The incoming class of 136 students is the largest in the school's history. The Class of 2021 is a diverse group with varied backgrounds ranging from Long island natives to international students. Stony Brook Awarded Grant for National STEM Education Initiative from Keck Foundation Tuesday, August 15, 2017 - 14:51 Stony Brook University has received a three-year $300,000 grant from the W.M. Keck Foundation to support a national program housed at Stony Brook that will expand educational courses connecting indigenous knowledge to science. The program will also help advance partnerships between educators and indigenous populations. Stony Brook Receives $1 Million for Brain Aging Research from Keck Foundation Tuesday, August 15, 2017 - 13:36 Stony Brook University has received a three-year $1 million grant from the W.M. Keck Foundation to fund research that uses brain imaging data to understand how the nutrition of brain neurons affects cognition in aging humans. The research could provide a critical first step toward personalized medicine in neurology for aging patients. New 13 million-year-old infant skull sheds light on ape ancestry Wednesday, August 9, 2017 - 13:00 Stony Brook, NY, August 9, 2017 - The discovery in Kenya of a remarkably complete fossil ape skull reveals what the common ancestor of all living apes and humans may have looked like. The find, to be announced in the scientific journal Nature on August 10th, belongs to an infant that lived about 13 million years ago. The research was done by an international team led by Isaiah Nengo of the Stony Brook University-affiliated Turkana Basin Institute, Stony Brook University, and De Anza College, U.S.A.           Walking Directions from LIRR Train StationUCLA Department of Mathematics
Search form Search UCLA Mathnet Login Chair's Welcome Department Overview Contact Us Directory Faculty Visiting Faculty Graduates Staff Tutors Research at UCLA Honors & Awards Workforce Programs CAM Reports Overview Majors Math Diagnostic Test Organizations Tutoring Opportunities Courses Overview Admissions Graduate Handbook GSO Courses Women in Math Events Alumni Giving
Quick Links
Distinguished Lecture Series Faculty Positions Department Newsletter Faculty Honors & Awards Workforce Programs Logic Center The Curtis Center Program in Computing (PIC) UCLA Math Schedule UCLA PIC Schedule Math Diagnostic Test Student Math Center IPAM Math Reading Room UCLA Math Webmail Mathematics Computing Group Department Knowledge Base
Latest News
Posted on Aug 17 2017, 1:29 pm Professor Deanna Needell has been awarded $471,000 by the National Science Foundation for her research on big data. Novel mathematical techniques are required in order to analyze complex large-scale data. Her project will use Lyme disease data (through a collaboration with LymeDisease.org) for the design and testing of these methods. Posted on Jul 19 2017, 10:37 am The Department hosted a family alumni event, Movies, Medicine and the Magic of Math, on Saturday, July 15, 2017. Posted on Jul 10 2017, 8:11 am Posted on Jul 03 2017, 8:42 am Posted on Jun 26 2017, 8:43 am News archiveUC Santa Cruz - Mathematics Department
Skip to main content Skip to main navigation University Home MyUCSC People Calendars A-Z Index Mathematics About Faculty Graduate Undergraduate Courses Seminars & Newsletter 2016 Outstanding Teaching Assistant Award goes to Gabriel Martins! Congratulations!! Congratulations and kudos to Michael Kraut and Jackson Vanover, recipients of Mathematics Awards this year! Undergraduate Awards 2017 Faculty Honors & Prestigious Awards News University Newscenter Mathematics Newsletter 2016 Mathematics Newsletter 2015 Research The Three-Body Problem The Random Matrix Theory Group More... Seminars More Events» Us The Mathematics Office is located in McHenry 4111. Office hours from 9:00 am-12:00 pm and 1:00-3:30 pm. Faculty, lecturer, and TA offices are also located on the fourth floor. Information for Visitors Department Directory Employment Opportunities Students Undergraduate Graduate Links Click on the links below for more information: Quick Links & FAQs Administrative Forms & Information Undergraduate Advising Appointments  Enrollment Request & Permission Number Form Feedback Accreditation Non-Discrimination Policy Employment Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Sexual Violence Prevention & Response 128.114.113.74Department of Mathematics | Van Vleck Hall, 480 Lincoln Drive, Madison, WI
Wiscmail My UW Calendar Library Useful Links Department of Mathematics Search form Contact Us News Wiki Intranet Administrative Gateway Math Library Visiting UW Madison Academic Staff Directory Emeriti Directory Faculty Directory Graduate Student Directory Staff Directory Van Vleck Professor Directory Visitor/Honorary Fellow Directory Department Mailing Lists Photo Directories Committee Lists Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Undergraduate Education Graduate Education Courses Research Opportunities for Students Seminars Distinguished Lectures Hans Schneider LAA Lectures Wolfgang Wasow Lectures Hilldale Lectures Lecture Audio Conducting Mathematical Research Algebra RTG APAM RTG Find an Expert Math Circles Math Club Talent Search Wisconsin Mentorship Program for Women in Mathematics and Science Private Tutors Directed Reading Program News Giving Newsletters Update Your Alumni Record   Welcome to UW Department of Mathematics We are devoted to research and teaching, and want to spread our excitement about mathematics to the rest of the world. A Stunning Year for Melanie Matchett Wood Benedek Valko Named Simons Fellow Women in the math department find strength in numbers Dima Arinkin is named as Vilas Associate Steven Sam receives Sloan Fellowship _ Upcoming Events NSF Funds New Data Science Institute at UW-Madison UW-Madison was one of the recipients of the 1.5M in funding from the The National Science Foundation (NSF) in funding for twelve Transdisciplinary Research in Principles of Data Science (TRIPODS) projects the Institute for Foundations of Data Science (IFDS).
about NSF Funds New Data Science Institute at UW-Madison Remembering Hiroshi Gunji Hiroshi received his PhD from Johns Hopkins University in 1962, under the direction of Jun-ichi Igusa. His thesis was entitled "Some properties of curves of genus 2 representing singular points of variety of moduli." He spent two years at Cornell University, then two years at the University of Saskatchewan before coming to Madison in 1966 as an assistant professor. Hiroshi did important research in number theory and had four PhD students during his tenure in Madison. He had an tremendous impact on our graduate program as chair for very many years of the graduate admissions committee.
about Remembering Hiroshi Gunji All News Items Calculus Course Packets Learn More About Us Get Connected (608) 263-3054 Contact Us   Facebook Twitter Make a Gift to Math Math News LOGINDepartment of Mathematics | University of Pittsburgh
Pitt Bar links Pitt Home Dietrich School Find People Home About Undergraduate Graduate Research People Alumni Math Research Center Seminars and Colloquia September 18, 2017 - 3:00pm September 18, 2017 - 3:00pm PDE and Analysis Seminar Compactification and Applications Harry Gingold Professor West Virginia University Thackeray 427 More > September 19, 2017 - 11:00am September 19, 2017 - 11:00am Topology Seminar n-arc Hyperspaces, Part II Benjamín Espinoza Thackeray 427 More > September 19, 2017 - 12:00pm September 19, 2017 - 12:00pm Undergraduate Mathematics Seminar Writing Personal and Research statements for the NSF GRFP and graduate school Suren Jayasuriya Postdoctoral Fellow Carnegie Mellon University 158 Benedum Hall More > September 19, 2017 - 3:00pm September 19, 2017 - 3:00pm Analysis, Geometry & Topology Lattice packings of the hyperbolic plane Thackeray 427 More > September 21, 2017 - 12:00pm September 21, 2017 - 12:00pm Algebra, Combinatorics, and Geometry Formalized Spectral Sequences in Homotopy Type Theory II Floris van Doorn Carnegie Mellon University 427 Thackeray Hall More > News & Events September 2, 2017 September 2, 2017 Workshop: Graphs and Continua Theory
More > August 22, 2017 August 22, 2017 An Introduction to Scientific Computing using Free Software FreeFem++ May 16, 2017 May 16, 2017 Computing with Networks of Neurons
More > "BIG Problems" students reach out to the community
More > 2017 Mathematics Commencement Breakfast and Graduation Ceremony
More > Search Research Areas Algebra, Combinatorics, and Geometry Analysis and Partial Differential Equations Applied Analysis Complex Biological Systems Group RTG Mathematical Biology Mathematical Finance Numerical Analysis and Scientific Computing Topology and Differential Geometry View All > Contact Us Newsletter View past issuesSIAM: Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
SIAM Journal on Applied Algebra and Geometry - Now Publishing!
Announcing Candidates for Fall 2017 Election – Voting Starts September 12
SIAM Conference on Analysis of Partial Differential Equations (PD17)
UNEMPLOYED? You may be eligible for a discounted membership.
e-books Program
Statement on Inclusiveness Statement on InclusivenessYasiin Bey – Mathematics Lyrics | Genius Lyrics
| | Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Mathematics
Produced by Album Black on Both Sides Mathematics Lyrics
About “Mathematics”
Yasiin’s masterful jaunt into numerology rests mainly on analysis of sociological statistics What have the artists said about the song? That’s left field. I love that beat. Oh, my God. That’s straight gutter. You can’t front on me with that. I chop that shit up lovely. ‘I revolve around science/What are we talking about here?’ You know a lot of DJs cut and attach stuff now, but they ain’t doing it like me. And that’s not even to brag, it’s just scientific. It’s mathematical. Mos and I go way back. He used to be managed by my manager. He was in a group called UTD, Urban Thermo Dynamics, back then. His sister Ces, and D.c.Q, his brother, were all in the group. [Mos] is so bugged out, so I knew I had to make a bugged-out beat. ‘Mathematics’ is just so fucking funky. I remember I went to see Scarface at Enterprise Studio. They called it Enterprise because it looked like a spaceship. It was in a big, huge, movie-theater-type room. He’s in there working on one of his albums, and he was like, ‘You got some beats? Let me hear what you’re working on.’ I played him the beat for ‘Mathematics,’ and he goes, ‘Yo, I should have that! That’s what I want! When you do something with me, I want that! Don’t give me no down south whatever. I want that beat, and I will kill that.’ Scarface even met Mos Def and told him that he wanted that beat. But Mos is quick, man. He heard it, had his verse ready, went in there, and it didn’t take him much. "Mathematics" Track Info Written By Mixed By Recorded By Recording Engineer Mastered by Released by Recorded At D&D Studios NYC Release Date August 2, 1999 Samples Sampled In Remixed By 1.   2.   3.   4.   5.   6.   7.   8.   9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   Home Y Yasiin Bey Mathematics Lyrics © 2017 Genius Media Group Inc. All Artists: