Yahoo Sports | Sports News, Scores, Fantasy Games
While the Blazers' Damian Lillard was a hero, the Lakers' Lonzo Ball was a zero Rex Grossman last played an NFL game in 2011, and he was last on a roster in 2012. Of course, because the final few seasons of his career were played for Washington, that means he was there for the beginning (and beginning of the end) of the Robert Griffin III era, and all that it entailed.  In a radio interview on ESPN 980, Grossman let loose with a whole lot of detail about Griffin, current Washington starter Kirk Cousins and former Washington coach Mike Shanahan, who drafted the two QBs in the same season.  The major highlight is Grossman's accounting of a meeting during which Griffin reportedly told Washington's coaching staff that he no longer wanted to run any zone-read plays. Griffin denies LOS ANGELES—There was another Ball in blue and gold for the UCLA Bruins at Pauley Pavilion on Wednesday night, another reason for LaVar Ball and his entourage to hold court in the stands at halftime. No, Lonzo Ball didn’t ditch the Los Angeles Lakers for a sophomore season in Westwood. Instead, it was LiAngelo Ball, the middle brother wearing No. 15, who kept the family legacy alive during a 111-80 exhibition win over Cal State Los Angeles—his parents’ alma mater. “When you have a family lineage on a team, it makes it special,” said senior center Thomas Welsh, who led all comers with 22 points, 14 rebounds and three blocks. “And you kind of see similarities between him and Lonzo off the court The Florida Gators fired head coach Jim McElwain this week after the shine had clearly come off his promising debut season. Interim head coach Randy Shannon once coached the Miami Hurricanes, but Florida fans are dreaming bigger and only one coach is a truly perfect fit: Jimbo Fisher. The Florida State coach has a National Title on his resume, but that didn’t stop Gene Chizik from being run out of Auburn within a couple years. With calls to fire Fisher growing, Florida should seize this chance.