Sports - The New York Times
Advertisement The Bucks’ All-Star isn’t changing the way his position is played. He’s changing the way all the positions are played. The Rams’ Johnny Hekker dominates his position like no other. He is already being called the best to ever punt in the N.F.L., but he thinks he can be better. A.J. McInerney is making his PGA Tour debut at the Shriners Hospitals for Children Open in Las Vegas, a month after escaping the mass shooting there. Runners in Sunday’s race try to shake off anxiety as the police add more officers and other measures as a result of the terrorist attack on Tuesday. The dynamic outfielder and leadoff hitter from New Britain, Conn., was drafted during a 100-loss season before going on to win the Series and one of baseball’s top awards. Dallas will be without running back Ezekiel Elliott, which leaves things up to quarterback Dak Prescott and a superb offensive line. Watson, the Houston Texans’ star rookie quarterback, reportedly tore an anterior cruciate ligament during practice on Thursday. The Jets kept Buffalo’s offense out of a rhythm and racked up seven sacks as they improved to 4-5. Houston won the World Series by using several starting pitchers to finish out big games. The final effort was turned in by the unsung Morton, who got the Astros to the finish line in Game 7. Kuwait’s Sheikh Ahmad al-Fahad al-Sabah, one of the most influential leaders in global sports, made his first major public appearance in months at an Olympic meeting this week. By TARIQ PANJA The Hall of Fame linebacker from the heyday of the Miami Dolphins in the 1970s is declining mentally and urging more research into on-field head hits. By KEN BELSON Joe Drape and Victor Mather of The New York Times weigh in on the contenders for the Breeders’ Cup World Championships. By JOE DRAPE and VICTOR MATHER A federal appeals court in New York temporarily blocked an earlier ruling and said the Cowboys running back could play, at least this Sunday. By VICTOR MATHER The fastest times are run on cool days, so what happens when those become fewer? By MICHAEL GREENSTONE In a land of polar bears and reindeer, a race that bills itself as the world’s most northern marathon on land presented new challenges for a running guide. By ANDREW W. LEHREN The conference has had trouble winning over fans. This year it added Notre Dame and reorganized its schedule in an effort “to embrace the new and forget about the old.” By GARY SANTANIELLO Fox averaged 18.9 million viewers for the 2017 World Series, down from the average of 23.4 million who watched the Cubs end their drought in seven games last year. By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS A top deputy to Sunil Gulati is bidding to replace him as U.S. Soccer president, while the federation’s board moves to change the role itself. By KEVIN DRAPER A matriarch of a philanthropic family, Mrs. Tisch was a conscientious benefactor who also inherited a half-stake in the New York Giants. By SAM ROBERTS Drew Brees is a good option at quarterback, while the Texans’ Lamar Miller should have success on the ground. By JUSTIN SABLICH The pitcher, who lost Games 3 and 7, felt obligated to answer questions in the main interview room about why he had pitched so poorly. By DAVID WALDSTEIN For Ralph Lauren, Burton and The Hudson’s Bay Company, kitsch is out and streamlined is in. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN Umpires make mistakes, as all human beings sometimes do. But why do we accept them? By DAVID LEONHARDT Hakeem Olajuwon, Sheryl Swoopes, Gordie Howe: The Astros’ victory in the World Series was far from Houston’s first sports championship. Here’s a look back. By PHIL COFFIN Few cheered the Astros’ first World Series title louder than those hit hard by the floodwaters. By MANNY FERNANDEZ and PAUL DEBENEDETTO Facing a daunting Game 7 in Los Angeles, Houston coolly put together an early lead and held off the Dodgers to win the first title in franchise history. By BILLY WITZ Correa, the Astros’ shortstop, produced a ring during the team’s on-field celebration and got down on one knee. His girlfriend, Daniella Rodriguez, said yes. By VICTOR MATHER Most punters only attempt the banana kick in practice. But the Rams’ Johnny Hekker has the audacity to try the spinning, skidding punt in games. Here’s how he does it. By BEN SHPIGEL, BEDEL SAGET and JOE WARD Roessler is said to be succeeding Kevin Long as the team’s hitting coach, and Dave Eiland may be on tap to be the new pitching coach. Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, with distinctive takes on games and some behind-the-scenes surprises, delivered to your inbox every week. Kuwait’s Sheikh Ahmad al-Fahad al-Sabah, one of the most influential leaders in global sports, made his first major public appearance in months at an Olympic meeting this week. By TARIQ PANJA The Hall of Fame linebacker from the heyday of the Miami Dolphins in the 1970s is declining mentally and urging more research into on-field head hits. By KEN BELSON Joe Drape and Victor Mather of The New York Times weigh in on the contenders for the Breeders’ Cup World Championships. By JOE DRAPE and VICTOR MATHER A federal appeals court in New York temporarily blocked an earlier ruling and said the Cowboys running back could play, at least this Sunday. By VICTOR MATHER The fastest times are run on cool days, so what happens when those become fewer? By MICHAEL GREENSTONE In a land of polar bears and reindeer, a race that bills itself as the world’s most northern marathon on land presented new challenges for a running guide. By ANDREW W. LEHREN The conference has had trouble winning over fans. This year it added Notre Dame and reorganized its schedule in an effort “to embrace the new and forget about the old.” By GARY SANTANIELLO Fox averaged 18.9 million viewers for the 2017 World Series, down from the average of 23.4 million who watched the Cubs end their drought in seven games last year. By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS A top deputy to Sunil Gulati is bidding to replace him as U.S. Soccer president, while the federation’s board moves to change the role itself. By KEVIN DRAPER A matriarch of a philanthropic family, Mrs. Tisch was a conscientious benefactor who also inherited a half-stake in the New York Giants. By SAM ROBERTS Drew Brees is a good option at quarterback, while the Texans’ Lamar Miller should have success on the ground. By JUSTIN SABLICH The pitcher, who lost Games 3 and 7, felt obligated to answer questions in the main interview room about why he had pitched so poorly. By DAVID WALDSTEIN For Ralph Lauren, Burton and The Hudson’s Bay Company, kitsch is out and streamlined is in. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN Umpires make mistakes, as all human beings sometimes do. But why do we accept them? By DAVID LEONHARDT Hakeem Olajuwon, Sheryl Swoopes, Gordie Howe: The Astros’ victory in the World Series was far from Houston’s first sports championship. Here’s a look back. By PHIL COFFIN Few cheered the Astros’ first World Series title louder than those hit hard by the floodwaters. By MANNY FERNANDEZ and PAUL DEBENEDETTO Facing a daunting Game 7 in Los Angeles, Houston coolly put together an early lead and held off the Dodgers to win the first title in franchise history. By BILLY WITZ Correa, the Astros’ shortstop, produced a ring during the team’s on-field celebration and got down on one knee. His girlfriend, Daniella Rodriguez, said yes. By VICTOR MATHER Most punters only attempt the banana kick in practice. But the Rams’ Johnny Hekker has the audacity to try the spinning, skidding punt in games. Here’s how he does it. By BEN SHPIGEL, BEDEL SAGET and JOE WARD Roessler is said to be succeeding Kevin Long as the team’s hitting coach, and Dave Eiland may be on tap to be the new pitching coach. Go to Home Page »