Sports | Fox News
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Earnhardt back for final race at Texas, where he got 1st win Wednesday was a no-good, very bad day for Los Angeles Dodgers slugger Yasiel Puig. Kansas City Chiefs-Dallas Cowboys preview Florida Gators-Missouri Tigers preview Wisconsin Badgers-Indiana Hoosiers preview Illinois Illini-Purdue Boilermakers preview Florida's Randy Shannon is eager for the opportunity to be the interim coach though he is not certain where he'll be working when the 2018 season kicks off. Orgeron: Being 3-TD underdogs to 'Bama 'don't mean anything' Kareem Hunt will get to compare himself to Ezekiel Elliott after all when Kansas City visits Dallas. Baylor Bears-Kansas Jayhawks preview There was one team that looked like a playoff contender Thursday night. It wasn't the Buffalo Bills. The first regular-season matchup between last season's Western Conference playoff finalists. Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott can play in Sunday's home game against Kansas City. With Carter Hutton now a daddy, the St. Louis Blues have assigned goaltender Ville Husso to the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League. Travis Kelce is one of the best receivers period in the NFL. There was one team that looked like a playoff contender Thursday night. It wasn't the Buffalo Bills. A different, entertaining look at the Wisconsin Badgers game against the Indiana Hoosiers Week 10 preview: Bedlam at its best; Heisman RB rebounds Federal appeals court: Cowboys' Elliott can play Sunday Indiana Pacers-Philadelphia 76ers preview The Miami Heat begin a six-game road trip in Denver vs. the Nuggets on Friday night. Cleveland and Washington both try to find their groove. Former Paralympic and Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius appeared in court Friday as prosecutors in South Africa looked to extend his prison sentence after his 2015 conviction for ... A disabled Navy veteran said Wednesday he declined to accept an award at a New Orleans Saints game due to the controversy over players protesting during the national anthem. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.