Sports - News, Articles, Biography, Photos - WSJ.com
Harry How/Getty Images A subtle shift by the Houston Astros to embrace the value of chemistry and culture paid off with a World Series title. Natalie Keyssar for The Wall Street Journal The attack Tuesday in lower Manhattan is tragic on many levels, but one infuriating aspect is that it happened in a place that’s supposed to be a refuge As the tennis season nears a close, Roger Federer discusses his “fairy tale” year. Jason Gay: It’s halfway through the NFL season and nobody knows what’s going on, not even Tom Brady’s nutritionist. The Fighting Irish have bounced back from a 4-8 disaster to crack the top 10—and now there’s talk of playoffs. Meb Keflezighi on Sunday will run his 26th marathon, and will retire as the only man to win Boston, New York and an Olympic gold medal New Orleans quarterback Drew Brees still leads a potent passing attack but it’s the Saints’ improved defense that makes the team a threat Mark Walter is managing turmoil at his investment firm, Guggenheim Partners, and scrutiny of his personal life as his baseball team goes for its first World Series title since 1988. Paris Saint-Germain’s Qatari owners assembled a galaxy of stars around Neymar, but can their dominance in France translate to Europe? The Dodgers are aiming to win their first title since 1988, while the Astros are seeking their first-ever championship. The Los Angeles Dodgers extended their season with a 3-1 win over the Houston Astros in Game 6 of the World Series—finding a way to defeat ace pitcher Justin Verlander, who dominated for much of the night. Players like Justin Turner, Chris Taylor and Brandon Morrow resurrected their careers after arriving in Los Angeles. The Patriots dealt backup quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo to San Francisco and in the process upended the market at the league’s most important position. Nearly every Astros and Dodgers hitter that steps up to bat represents a legitimate threat to hit a home run, making this one of the most frenetic series ever played. This is the latest sign of basketball’s 3-point revolution: The players who are taking and making the most threes can be guards or traditional centers. In a season defined by baseballs flying over fences, it seems fitting that the World Series would turn into a home-run derby. A 13-12 win Sunday night gave the Astros a 3-2 lead over the Dodgers as the teams return to Los Angeles. A majority of Houston Texans players took a knee during the national anthem Sunday in a direct rebuke of the team’s owner, Bob McNair. Astros slugger Carlos Beltran has a résumé that boasts more than 2,500 hits, 400 home runs, 300 stolen bases, but a World Series title would be the ultimate career capper.