Sports News, Videos, Pictures & Scores | Miami Herald
By declining their team option, the Marlins have parted company with Japanese baseball legend Ichiro Suzuki.
Miami FC has dominated the NASL all season long. Now, it is two victories away from hoisting the championship trophy. Players and officials hope South Florida fans show up in big numbers for Sunday’s semifinal against the N.Y. Cosmos at FIU Riccardo Silva Stadium.
The Dolphins are raising prices in the wake of stadium upgrades financed by owner Stephen Ross.
Players and coaches posed for a photo this week wearing a t-shirt with assistant video coordinator Dan Bisaccio’s nickname “10 day” spelled out across the chest. It’s in support of the former Emerson College basketball player, who has been hospitalized in South Florida since Oct. 23 with pneumonia and other health issues according to a family member.
According to CBS Sports’ Dunk-O-Meter, Adebayo, 20, entered the night Thursday 16th in the league when it came to dunks. Five of his slams have come on alley oops, three are putback slams, and two are just good old-fashioned rim rockers.
Let’s suspend reality for a couple of minutes. Ready?
University of Miami receiver Braxton Berrios has dominated on and off the football field and is a finalist for what is considered the ‘Academic Heisman’ of college football.
Lots of UM football and basketball talk, including a quarterback change.
Oliver Bjorkstrand and Josh Anderson each scored two goals to lift the Columbus Blue Jackets over the Florida Panthers 7-3.
The Dolphins need something good to happen, and here it is. Our predictions for Miami-Oakland, Game of the Week, Upset of the Week and the rest of the NFL Week 9 schedule.
While speaking to reporters in Cleveland on Thursday, Wade compared the issues faced at the end of the fourth and final season that he, LeBron James and Chris Bosh were together in Heat uniforms to the issues he’s experiencing in his first year with the Cavs.
The Bulldogs overcame a shaky start to defeat Florida Christian 14-25, 25-18, 25-23, 25-14 in a Region 4-4A final and punch their ticket to the state final four.
Three men arrested in the FBI investigation of bribery in college basketball recruiting were issued a two-week continuance by a New York judge, allowing them more time to either negotiate a plea deal or build their defense.
A Miami federal judge condemned the smuggling scheme to capitalize on the Major League Baseball prospects from Cuba, while giving agent Bart Hernandez a nearly four-year prison sentence and trainer Julio Estrada just over five years.
Hassan Whiteside is still building back his stamina after missing two weeks of action with a left-knee bone bruise. His next test comes Friday against center Nikola Jokic when the Heat plays the Nuggets to open a six-game road trip.
The Dolphins offered more clarity on their plans after trading Jay Ajayi.
Marlins pitchers and catchers will report to spring training on Feb. 14. The Marlins will open their Grapefruit League season on Feb. 23 against the St. Louis Cardinals.
A CBSSports.com report that the Miami Dolphins had decided to move on from Ndamukong Suh after this season set the team into a tizzy on Sunday.
A six-pack of Thursday Dolphins notes.
Greg Cote lays out his Halloween guidelines in his latest Back In My Day video. How many were adhered to and ignored in your neighborhood?