Chicago Sports News, Schedules & Scores - Chicago Tribune
Does Theo Epstein tell Joe Maddon who to play? Playing time generally is controlled by the manager because that’s the biggest hammer a manager has. A day after the team's elimination from the playoffs, Cubs President Theo Epstein reflects on the team's accomplishments Oct. 20, 2017. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune) A day after the team's elimination from the playoffs, Cubs President Theo Epstein reflects on the team's accomplishments Oct. 20, 2017. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune) The Tribune's Dan Wiederer and Rich Campbell breakdown the Bears' bye week and assess the team at the halfway point of the season.  The Tribune's Dan Wiederer and Rich Campbell breakdown the Bears' bye week and assess the team at the halfway point of the season.  The Bears reached their open date this week with feelings of optimism. Matching last season’s victory total seven games into the season certainly proved heartening. And there have been enough flashes on both sides of the ball to believe the team is moving in the right direction. Now the Bears must... Welcome to the weekly Bear Download podcast with Rich Campbell and Dan Wiederer. Listen below or subscribe and listen on iTunes | Stitcher | Google Play The Tribune's Rich Campbell and Dan Wiederer talk about Zach Miller's injury and how the Bears move forward (2:39 mark), break down the NFL's... The World Series ended Wednesday night, but the Cubs already are in the midst of planning for the 2018 season.
They’ve planned for the possibility of departures, as eight players were expected to file for free agency Thursday morning.
Pitchers Jake Arrieta and Wade Davis lead the list of Cubs players... It began with a covert coffee at Starbucks. It continued with a "shot and a beer" at the Cubby Bear. And for the last three Octobers, the drink of choice has been champagne.
Sure, you could measure the accomplishments of the Ricketts regime in a conventional way — victory totals that surged into... Spoiler alert: My infatuation with the Cubs’ one-man show that is Javy Baez is about to spill out. All over the floor. All over the room. All over this blog.
We’re not supposed to root for athletes, but tough noogies. Come on, how can you not love the guy?
Not asking you, White Sox fans.
The Cubs’... In some ways, one could say the Bulls have been a rousing success thus far this young season.
Lauri Markkanen has shined brightly. Kris Dunn flashed athleticism throughout his first two games. Zach LaVine is close to getting cleared for contact.
And at 1-5, the pingpong balls are accumulating in... The NBA draft lottery is coming to Chicago, just in time for the Bulls' rebuild.
The league announced on Thursday that it will conduct its annual ping-pong ball extravaganza for the first time ever outside of New Jersey or New York.
It will be held May 15 to streamline the process with the annual... TV/radio: 6 p.m. Friday; WGN-9, WLS-AM 890.
Storylines: The Magic have been one of the young season’s biggest surprise stories, starting Thursday tied with the Celtics atop the Eastern Conference. But D.J. Augustin strained his hamstring in Wednesday’s victory over the Grizzlies and is out. Elfrid... Declining penalties in the NHL isn’t an option, though lately the Blackhawks might have wished it were.
The team with “One Goal” as its mantra couldn’t muster even that many in 17 power-play chances before Artem Anisimov broke that 0-for spell with a putback for the first of two Blackhawks goals... When Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville woke up Wednesday and took a look at the NHL standings, his day likely did not start with a smile.
After 12 games, the Hawks were in sixth place, which Quenneville said was "unfamiliar territory."
"Probably in 10 years that we're looking at the standings,... Photos from the Blackhawks-Flyers game at the United Center on Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2017. On the same night Astros outfielder George Springer accepted the World Series Most Valuable Player award Wednesday, White Sox prospect Eloy Jimenez was a world away trying to follow the same arduous path.
Jimenez doubled in a run for Gigantes del Cibao in the Dominican Winter League, improving... The White Sox tinkered with their roster Thursday with three players involved in transactions.
The club announced they declined the 2018 option on veteran catcher Geovany Soto, who missed most of the season with an elbow injury that required surgery.
Meanwhile, outfielder Charlie Tilson and right-handed... The White Sox’s radical rebuild has left the team with few notable players hitting free agency — and also little likely need to sign veteran big-time talent.
Pitchers Mike Pelfrey and Chris Volstad and catcher Geovany Soto are the most recognizable names from the 2017 Sox to hit the market that... We interrupt this fun-and-games column to bring you something from the real world: Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf this week signed legislation to legalize online sports betting.
Now some of you are probably thinking: Wait, it’s currently illegal?
Indeed, Pennsylvania would join Nevada, New Jersey and... TV/radio: 2:30 p.m. Saturday, NBC-5, WMVP-AM 1000.
Line: Notre Dame by 14.
Records: Wake Forest 5-3; Notre Dame 7-1.
Last meeting: Josh Adams had a 98-yard touchdown run and finished with 141 yards as the Irish won 28-7 on Nov. 14, 2015, at Notre Dame Stadium. Quarterback DeShone Kizer rushed for... Connor Etzkorn's rushing touchdown that gave Minooka an overtime victory over Notre Dame in the first round of the high school football playoffs has been voted the top play of Week 10 of the high school football season on The Cube.
Etzkorn received 41 percent of the more than 1,000 votes. A lengthy... Ahead of Week 11 of the Chicago-area high school football season, the Chicago Tribune’s Mike Clark and The Cube’s Jim McAteer recapped the highlights of Week 10 and what they are looking forward to in the upcoming week’s slate of games.
For more high school football, check out Mike Clark's Week... Achy breaky snark:
Cubs Baseball Moses Theo Epstein said during his 2017 exit press conference that decisions on playing time next year will be based on merit, which shouldn’t sound noteworthy because it reeks of using common sense.
It also sounds like it targets Jason Heyward and his miserable... The Bears’ 3-5 record doesn’t quite make them a serious playoff contender in the third season of the Ryan Pace and John Fox regime. But it’s a strong indication they bottomed out last season and have moved beyond their worst days.
The eye test supports that too. The defense has withstood injuries... The Tribune's Brad Biggs answers your Bears questions weekly.
Other than wide receiver, what is the second-biggest concern at a position group for free agency and draft? — @mwalschot
The Bears took care of a couple of issues that would have been significant on their to-do list when they extended... The NFL has typically released its “Official Review” videos with head of officiating Alberto Riveron on Fridays this season, but the league didn’t delay in explaining the replay reversal of Zach Miller’s touchdown in Sunday’s loss to the Saints.
Miller suffered a serious injury to his left leg... Thursday morning, I chatted over the phone with Warren Moon about Deshaun Watson, mining details for a feature story on Watson's astonishing rookie season. Moon explained how they had first met when he presented Watson an award at a college football banquet. Moon already admired Watson's on-field... The Bulls return home to face the Pelicans on Saturday, which means there's an opportunity for Nikola Mirotic to have face-to-face contact with his teammates and coaches.
Or not.
Coach Fred Hoiberg turned vague when asked how the assimilation process will go with Mirotic, who is still upset he... This being Disney and ESPN, there were meetings about the name for Mike Golic and Trey Wingo's program. Lots of meetings. How did everyone feel about first names? Last names? Ampersand or no ampersand? Which order? Something else?
"They settled on 'Golic and Wingo,'" said Wingo, the ESPN veteran... Sports is full of idiocy, but some things simply go too far. Here is our list of some of the dumbest things in sports. Camille LeNoir thought she'd landed a dream job last year, an entryway into the competitive world of coaching college basketball.
She was a former player herself, having starred at the University of Southern California. The WNBA's Washington Mystics made her a second-round draft pick and she played... TV/radio: 2:30 p.m. Saturday, NBC-5, WMVP-AM 1000.
Line: Notre Dame by 14.
Records: Wake Forest 5-3; Notre Dame 7-1.
Last meeting: Josh Adams had a 98-yard touchdown run and finished with 141 yards as the Irish won 28-7 on Nov. 14, 2015, at Notre Dame Stadium. Quarterback DeShone Kizer rushed for... The Texans were dealt a blow with Deshaun Watson's ACL injury in practice Thursday, but it only enhances the case to be made for his backfield mate, Deshaun Watson. Feel free to email your fantasy football questions or comments to @plthompson@chicagotribune.com (with "fantasy" in the subject line)... Jay Ajayi’s trade to the Eagles blew the doors off the fantasy football world and creates big opportunities for his Dolphins successors. But there’s a bigger takeover happening in Baltimore. Meanwhile, Kelvin Benjamin's blockbuster trade to Buffalo benefits Curtis Samuel as much as it does Devin... Caroline Wozniacki has become engaged again.
The Danish tennis player says on Twitter that she accepted a marriage proposal from basketball player David Lee.
Alongside a photograph of her left hand showing an engagement ring, Wozniacki wrote "happiest day of my life yesterday saying yes to my soulmate."... The Cubs had 40 congratulatory pizzas delivered to the Houston Astros' front office Friday, continuing a tradition of World Series winners paying it forward to the next champion.
The Cubs got in a little bit of deep dish with some of their fans, however, because the pies weren't Chicago-style.... On the same night Astros outfielder George Springer accepted the World Series Most Valuable Player award Wednesday, White Sox prospect Eloy Jimenez was a world away trying to follow the same arduous path.
Jimenez doubled in a run for Gigantes del Cibao in the Dominican Winter League, improving... The Bears reached their long weekend Wednesday afternoon with coaches and players exiting Halas Hall for destinations far and wide.
The open date comes at the midpoint of the schedule with the team sitting at 3-5 and the question when everyone returns to work on Monday morning is simple — where... The World Series ended Wednesday night, but the Cubs already are in the midst of planning for the 2018 season.
They’ve planned for the possibility of departures, as eight players were expected to file for free agency Thursday morning.
Pitchers Jake Arrieta and Wade Davis lead the list of Cubs players... The Saints issued a lengthy statement Thursday in response to a Louisiana military veteran's refusal to accept an award at the Superdome in New Orleans. Retired Navy Cmdr. John Wells had said he was "unable, in good conscience, to enter an NFL stadium" while the "discourtesy" of player protests... Bears linebacker Sam Acho said he'd be hurt and would follow Texans players' example by walking out of practice if the owner of a team he played for ever made comments similar to Texans chairman and CEO Bob McNair's "inmates running the prison remark," which Acho termed as "racist."
During his... In some ways, one could say the Bulls have been a rousing success thus far this young season.
Lauri Markkanen has shined brightly. Kris Dunn flashed athleticism throughout his first two games. Zach LaVine is close to getting cleared for contact.
And at 1-5, the pingpong balls are accumulating in... The Bears reached their open date this week with feelings of optimism. Matching last season’s victory total seven games into the season certainly proved heartening. And there have been enough flashes on both sides of the ball to believe the team is moving in the right direction. Now the Bears must... A year ago Thursday, at exactly 11:47 p.m., the ball hit Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo's mitt at Progressive Field in Cleveland and the ground shook in Chicago, creating good vibrations that lasted long enough to diminish any disappointment in 2017.
A year later, the Cubs reluctantly relinquished... It began with a covert coffee at Starbucks. It continued with a "shot and a beer" at the Cubby Bear. And for the last three Octobers, the drink of choice has been champagne.
Sure, you could measure the accomplishments of the Ricketts regime in a conventional way — victory totals that surged into... Some things are just impossible.
Folding a fitted sheet. Reading a newspaper on the beach. Kissing your own elbow. Having a therapeutic World Series.
The baseball was … well, after all, only baseball. If the stakes had been smaller, it could have been July. The hope that somehow the World Series... White Sox General Manager Rick Hahn remembers how, one night just over a year ago, he spent 45 minutes talking to one of his sons at bedtime because he was worried about going to school the next day.
It was the night the Chicago Cubs won their first World Series in more than a century. But Hahn's...