ESPN: The Worldwide Leader in Sports
Will Elliott likely play the rest of the year? When will we know? Could he not be suspended at all? How many injunctions is too many? We have answers. Dan Graziano details the maneuvers made by the attorneys to delay the RB's suspension for another week. The running back has rushed for at least 116 yards in each of his past three games. Zach Lowe highlights the Magic's resurgence, Kemba Walker's self-reinvention, the defense of Karl-Anthony Towns and more. The three-time Eastern Conference champs head to Washington on a four-game losing streak, having yet to account for the loss of Kyrie Irving's offensive production. Stephen A. Smith explains why it's fair to examine LeBron James' role in Cleveland's slump. They offer players a putrid punch in the nose but likely little actual performance boost. So how exactly did smelling salts become an essential part of NFL game days? Jacksonville has been among the NFL's most pleasant surprises, and a unit that is putting together some of the best pass-defense metrics in recent memory is a major reason why. Deshaun Watson suffered a torn ACL on Thursday and will miss the rest of the season. Revisit the rookie's record-breaking numbers this season. Is the rookie quarterback's future murkier? Are the Texans toast? Are injuries up in the NFL? That's just a start. Bill Barnwell has answers. Deshaun Watson made everyone look better, including a suspect offensive line, and that's not something the Texans can count on with Tom Savage. When Miami defensive coordinator Manny Diaz created the turnover chain to motivate his team, he had no idea he was starting a movement. Marty Smith attempts a backflip at the University of Miami pool off a seven and a half meter platform. Baker Mayfield and Mason Rudolph top the QBR rankings. Both have their teams in the Big 12 and playoff hunt, and both could be meeting for the final time. Here's how the winding, divergent paths led them to this historic Bedlam. Gerhard de Beer, the Wildcats' right tackle, is the typical fish-out-of-water story. Just your average South African, world-class discus thrower who's 6-foot-7, never played football before, and, oh yeah, wants to try kicking. Astonishing, grand, mind-blowing, awesome: There isn't a positive adjective in the thesaurus that hasn't been connected to the Crimson Tide over the past decade. With the Nick Saban train rolling again, what is left to say? There are some intriguing matchups this week that are affected by quarterback injuries, including a Colts-Texans game without Deshaun Watson. Berry offers his fantasy advice for your lineups and identifies the player he plans to honor on National Jersey Friday. What should you expect from Jay Ajayi in Philadelphia? Which Cowboys running back will benefit most with Ezekiel Elliott out? NFL Nation reporters weigh in on burning fantasy questions this week (and beyond). If you are looking to add Josh Gordon to your fantasy team, it won't happen until Week 13, just one week before fantasy playoffs begin. Giannis Antetokounmpo is an MVP candidate who can do it all on the basketball court. But the Bucks know that for them to be successful, they need to help him out. Will the Marlins trade Giancarlo Stanton? Is Japanese phenom Shohei Otani coming to MLB? Those questions and others will be answered this offseason. A mystery bettor taking sportsbooks for over $10 million. A mattress promotion with more than $10 million in liability. Ticket brokers flying into town to hedge. It all made for a wild World Series in Vegas. The Astros finished 2017 with the first World Series title in franchise history. Will they open the offseason in the same place? Where do the Dodgers and Indians check in? Houston knew this was coming: With enough young players, enough payroll flexibility, and enough patience, the world's most unpredictable sport can be tamed. In a picturesque region where poverty is prevalent and traveling by foot is a necessity, running all day comes naturally to Mexico's indigenous Raramuri people. Can their legendary endurance generate Olympic success? As Meb Keflezighi laces up for the New York City Marathon on Nov. 5 -- the last 26.2 miles of his career -- he looks back at his years as a distance runner as both a calling and a privilege. As Meb Keflezighi nears the 2017 New York City Marathon on Sunday -- his final 26.2-mile race as a pro -- we break down what it took to get him here. Hint: That may include a few run-ins with canines. Booger McFarland explains that the public will applaud Browns rookie Myles Garrett for self-reporting his concussion, but in the locker room he will be considered soft by players. He's a Rorschach test for how we think about quarterbacks in 2017. Advanced stats say Taylor might be special. Plenty of skeptics say otherwise. The clarion call to have ESPN employees think broadly and exercise better judgment in social media makes pragmatic sense, writes the public editor. The big names are obvious: Arizona, Duke, Michigan State and on and on. Where does your team fall? The FBI's investigation into fraud in college basketball has some coaches on hotter seats than their on-court success might suggest. Keep a close eye on how the season plays out for the coaches on this list. If they succeed, they could be coaching your team or your rival a year from now. The best coaches seem to get their teams to excel at the same things, season after season. Find out how John Calipari and other top coaches stay ahead of the field. Georges St-Pierre returns to the Octagon for the first time in four years, but will he be able to overcome a determined Michael Bisping to win the middleweight championship? If Joanna Jedrzejczyk defeats Rose Namajunas at UFC 217 on Saturday, she'll have defended her strawweight title six times -- a record reached only by Ronda Rousey. But can Jedrzejczyk transcend MMA into Rousey-like celebrity? Bantamweight champion Cody Garbrandt faces off against former teammate TJ Dillashaw, and middleweight champion Michael Bisping welcomes former welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre in his return in the octagon. Wilder is a talented and charismatic American heavyweight world titleholder, but a career-defining opponent seems to be what's missing in his quest for stardom. Like Muhammad Ali, Wilder talks about the injustices done to African-Americans. Deontay Wilder joins SportsCenter to discuss how he can't overlook his next fight against Bermane Stiverne, even with a potential fight against Anthony Joshua looming. 'It doesn't help anyone accomplish change, especially change on things that are really important.' Splurged on NHL.TV and don't know which games to pick each night? These are the teams that stand out above the rest, due to high scores, captivating individuals, feel-good stories or all of the above. Winning the Supporters' Shield and MLS Cup in the same season has become a rarity, but Toronto is proving it has the character to do just that. Has Rob Gronkowski cracked the 99 club? Here are the players who have seen their ratings swell or take big hits since the start of the season. What made him one of the most popular wrestlers of all time? Watch the 'Nature Boy' 30 for 30, Tuesday at 10 p.m. ET on ESPN and the ESPN App. Director Rory Karpf details his journey, from his first Ric Flair encounter as an 8-year-old fan to telling the comprehensive story of Flair's legendary life. After a significant health scare, Flair is thankful to have made it to the preview of the 30 for 30 film that focuses on his life. On Nov. 3, 1989, Minnesota played its first NBA game when it lost to Seattle 106-94 on the road. Georgetown's favorite son now leads the program he put on the map, bringing a wealth of experience -- though none of it as a head coach -- and high hopes of restoring the Hoyas to prominence. Quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo has been dealt to 0-8 San Francisco, sending huge reverberations for a number of players and teams across the league. The Sixers star big man is a one-man twitterstorm, a gifted trash-talker, a budding board game guru. Most of all, he's the league's most captivating personality who's pleading for Philly to trust The Process. We use cookies to offer an improved online experience. By clicking "OK" without changing your settings you are giving your consent to receive cookies.