Sports - Arizona's Family
Benoit Pouliut had two goals and an assist, and the Buffalo Sabres held off Arizona's furious late charge to beat the Coyotes 5-4 on Thursday night.  AZ Family was well represented at the Fiesta Bowl Media Challenge. The Arizona Cardinals expected their defense to be a strength this season. It hasn't been. He’s been a teenage dream, after a nightmare start. Maybe Sports Illustrated should start predicting the stock market.  In one of the most evenly matched, hard-fought and thrilling World Series of all time, it's fitting that fans were treated to a winner-takes-all Game 7 at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. Some of the biggest names in Arizona sports were all in the same room to celebrate the induction of the Class of 2017 to the Arizona Sports Hall of Fame. These are Drew Stanton's Cardinals now. The 33-year-old career backup quarterback will be at the controls when Arizona, sputtering at 3-4 and coming off an embarrassing loss in London, plays the winless 49ers in San Francisco on Sunday. T.J. Warren scored 28 of his career-high 40 points in the second half and the Phoenix Suns overcame a 22-point deficit to beat the Washington Wizards 122-116 on Wednesday night. Move over Saguaro, there’s a new beast of the bracket in 4A. The Sun Devils will wear the much anticipated military appreciation uniforms against Colorado this week. The Arizona Cardinals, after a week off to recover from their embarrassing performance in London, went back to work Tuesday, but don't expect David Johnson to return to rescue the team's sputtering season. Arizona has the type of roster that could end coach Sean Miller's Final Four-less tenure in the desert, possibly win a national title. Arizona State guard Kobi Justice often found himself in the post trying to guard much larger players, sometimes even 7-footers. Welp...time to get up, dust yourself off, and fire up Speak of the Devils.  The Suns rallied to beat Brooklyn 122-114 on Tuesday night. Companies are finding new ways to improve equipment to increase safety. The struggling Arizona Coyotes finally got their first win of the season - but it sure didn't come easy. One Chandler prep star has made sacrifices to get a scholarship to college but spending time with her loving grandmother is never a sacrifice.  Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell has been arrested after a female food delivery person alleged he pointed a gun at her.  SHANGHAI (AP) -- Back among the top players in golf, Paul Casey is rejoining the European Tour so he can get back to the Ryder Cup.  High School football scores Former Sun Devils were joined by old demons during ASU's Homecoming game vs USC Khalil Tate, in his fourth straight spectacular performance, rushed for 158 yards and a touchdown and passed for 275 more and two scores, leading surprising Arizona to its fourth consecutive Pac-12 victory, 58-37 over No. 15 Washington State on Saturday night. The Portland Trail Blazers didn't expect to see the same Phoenix team they beat by a record score in the season opener. When the New Jersey Devils were consistently one of the NHL's elite franchises, one of their trademarks was a near-unwavering belief that they could defeat any opponent. The Arizona Diamondbacks have promoted Jerry Narron to bench coach, replacing Ron Gardenhire, who was hired to manage the Detroit Tigers. Superstar golfer Tiger Woods pleaded guilty Friday to reckless driving and agreed to enter a diversion program to settle a charge of driving under the influence that began when he was found passed out in his Mercedes. Nobody talks much about the Arizona Cardinals' "window of opportunity" anymore.  The Arizona Cardinals have placed quarterback Carson Palmer on injured reserve after he underwent surgery for a broken left arm. Aaron Bentley was born to be a football coach and is a proud member of the Arizona Christian University coaching staff. He cherishes each day because he never knows when it could be his last. Their youth and a new-look fourth line helped the New York Rangers get a needed win.  For over a half century, Larry Kindred has spent his Friday nights running up and down Arizona high school football fields.   Patience isn’t a virtue these days, it’s a liability. That is, until it’s a necessity.  Shane Doan is beginning his post-playing career in the NHL's hockey operations department, where the longtime Arizona Coyotes captain will get a feel for how the league office works. The Sun Devils come home after recording a road win to face USC.  T.J. Warren scored 20 of his 27 points in the second half and the Phoenix Suns improved to 2-0 under Jay Triano with a 97-88 victory over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night. Eric Bledsoe's exit means Mike James gets the opportunity to start at point guard for the Suns. Jay Jay Wilson was scoring a touchdown no matter what Utah quarterback Tyler Huntley was thinking. The NBA has fined Phoenix Suns rookie Josh Jackson $35,000 for "making a menacing gesture" on the playing court and "directing inappropriate language at a fan." Folks, we have ourselves a winning streak. Let's take a look. Some fans of the Purple and Orange are seeing red. They're blaming the Phoenix Suns' recent struggles on the team's owner, and want him to sell the team.  John Tavares completed his hat trick with a tiebreaking goal in the third period, lifting the New York Islanders over the winless Arizona Coyotes 5-3 on Tuesday night. It's been just over three years since Mike Bercovici's famous Jael Mary throw to beat USC.   Drew Stanton has been here before. Carson Palmer goes down with a serious injury and Stanton steps in as his backup.  Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians is known for his bluntness and took to social media to put to rest any notion he's retiring. Khalil Tate has run for 694 yards and passed for 468 more while accounting for 11 touchdowns. The Phoenix Suns beat the Sacramento Kings 117-115 on Monday for their first win of the season in their first game under interim coach Jay Triano. The Cardinals (3-4) were not only overmatched by the Los Angeles Rams in a 33-0 beatdown on Sunday, they may have lost quarterback Carson Palmer for the season. Phoenix point guard Eric Bledsoe was sent home Monday, a day after the Suns fired coach Earl Watson and replaced him on an interim basis with Jay Triano. To honor Pat Tillman, the Sun Devils will sport military appreciation uniforms when they take the field on Nov. 4.  After a disastrous start to the season, it appears there's a shake-up at the helm for the Phoenix Suns.  On Friday, the Wildcats lost 5 star recruit Jahvon Quinerly, who the FBI investigation implied received improper benefits.  The Phoenix Suns will be serving up fresh new flavors for the 2017-2018 season. It appears the Phoenix Suns' star guard wants to be traded. Arizona Cardinals quarterback Carson Palmer broke his left arm and coach Bruce Arians said he expects the quarterback to miss eight weeks. Quarterback Khalil Tate ran for 137 yards and a touchdown and passed for two more, including a 22-yarder to Bryce Wolma in the second overtime, and Arizona held on to beat California 45-44 on Saturday night. Zach Green scored the Wildcats touchdown in the first overtime and had a 3-yard run to open the second extra period before Tate scrambled in the backfield to avoid a sack and found Wolma open near the goal line for the game-winner. California answered with Vic Enwere's 1-yard to... From underdogs to upstarts to contenders, ASU is now a force in the Pac-12 South  Demario Richard and Kalen Ballage combined for 168 yards rushing and Arizona State forced four turnovers to lead the Sun Devils to a 30-10 win over Utah on Saturday.   Friday's prep football scores In his second NBA game, Lonzo Ball earned his first victory and almost got a triple-double to boot.  Given the platform and the time zone, Arizona quarterback Khalil Tate isn’t exactly a Heisman Trophy candidate – yet.  But if the last two weeks are any indication, the sophomore may someday be mentioned with those in the rarefied air of college football.    A major makeover is underway at Phoenix International Raceway. From new grandstands to improving the fan experience, nothing is going untouched. There’s even a new one-of-a kind luxury hospitality club that is nothing short of amazing. By Cole Streeper The Sun Devils will send off to Salt Lake City for a Pac-12 road contest.  This is no throwaway NFL game in London. The Arizona Cardinals and Los Angeles Rams normally play their home games 371 miles apart, but they are traveling thousands of miles across the Atlantic for their important NFC West matchup on Sunday. In a close game on the road, the Dallas Stars turned to a pair of playmakers on their top line. Tyler Seguin and Jamie Benn came through.  At work, Nicole Upshaw’s job is to protect and serve. In the octagon, Upshaw's job is to inflict punishment. When the Sun Devils look back at their upset of fifth-ranked Washington, Rennel Wren’s first-quarter sack certainly set the tone.  Damian Lillard scored 27 points and the Portland Trail Blazers handed the Phoenix Suns the most one-sided season-opening loss in NBA history, 124-76 on Wednesday night. Adrian Peterson is racking up the frequent flyer miles with his back-to-back trips to London.  Ken Hitchcock had been looking for scoring from somewhere besides the Dallas Stars' top line. The third-winningest coach in NHL history got what he wanted Tuesday night, when Radek Faksa, Dan Hamhuis and Alexander Radulov each scored their first goal of the season in a 3-1 victory over the winless Arizona Coyotes.  ASU Coach Bobby Hurley tweeted "Forks Up!" on Wednesday afternoon. The Sun Devils Men's Basketball Coach had just learned that top 25 recruit Lugentz Dort had decided to play his college basketball at ASU. The Arizona Diamondbacks will be parting ways with Chief Baseball Analyst Tony La Russa at the end of the month, the team announced. A league spokesman said that the NFL was not expected to change its current policy, which says that players should stand, not that they must. Nine-year-old Kameron suffers from a rare form of tissue cancer and is currently a patient at Phoenix Children's hospital.? But that doesn't stop him from rooting for the Arizona Cardinals. The field has been rushed and the goal posts survived. It's now time for the new Speak of the Devils.  Colin Kaepernick's attorney Mark Geragos said Tuesday he has a "high degree of confidence" that he will be able to prove National Football League team owners colluded to keep Kaepernick from being signed. It’s a Phoenix Suns tradition. Players have long stopped at Mrs. White’s Golden Rule Café on their way home from the arena. It’s Eric Bledsoe’s favorite restaurant and the staff still talks about when Steve Nash, Charles Barkley, Alvin Adams, and the late Connie Hawkins would visit. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers fell into a big early hole, appearing as if they were headed toward another ugly loss at the hands of the Arizona Cardinals. Rick Tocchet has been known as a players' coach, from his days with Tampa Bay and Pittsburgh to early in his current tenure with the Arizona Coyotes. There aren't many people built like Craig Coppola. He has a non-stop motor that runs full speed when he's passionate about something. An improbable night set the stage for one of the biggest wins in ASU history The Boston Bruins played scattered in their own end in consecutive games against Colorado, leading to a pair of ugly losses. Manny Wilkins completed 29 of 41 passes for 245 yards, Arizona State's defense smothered Washington most of the game and the Sun Devils stunned the No. 5 Huskies 13-7 on Saturday night. Devin Booker scored 31 points in 30 minutes to help the Phoenix Suns rout the Brisbane Bullets 114-93 on Friday night in their exhibition finale. Washington coach Chris Petersen isn't happy about all the late starts his team has had this season. No. 5 Washington (6-0, 3-0 Pac-12) at Arizona State (2-3, 1-1), Saturday, 10:45 ET (ESPN) Line: Washington by 17?.  After a decade wait, Larry Fitzgerald and Adrian Peterson are finally teammates. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers (2-2) return to the desert on Sunday, where they will see Adrian Peterson, of all people, glaring at them from the Cardinals' backfield. The Detroit Red Wings goalie stopped 33 shots, but one stood out in his team's 4-2 victory over the winless Arizona Coyotes. The Arizona State University wrestling team had its own version of "Midnight Madness" on Thursday night with "Wrestling Mat Madness."  Forget every preconceived notion you have about weightlifters; one Arizona athlete defies all expectations. She is a 62-year-old, completely vegan, record-breaking powerlifter.  Now retired from professional cycling, Kathryn Bertine is working to eliminate the gender pay gap in sports and she's using a house in Tucson to do it. The official beer of the Arizona Coyotes is coming to a store near you. Adrian Peterson has joined a team with the worst running game in the NFL, a situation he's certain he still has the ability to change. The Phoenix Suns will end its preseason with a special night dedicated to victims of domestic violence. Authorities say a New York high school had to be placed on lockdown after a fight broke out among students and another brawl erupted when their parents arrived. President Donald Trump says "it is about time" that NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell demands "that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY." James Neal scored twice during a thrilling four-goal first period, and the Golden Knights remained unbeaten three games into their inaugural season with a 5-2 victory over the Arizona Coyotes in their home opener on Tuesday night. A University of Arizona assistant basketball coach and two other college basketball coaches charged in a bribery scheme were each freed on $100,000 bail on Tuesday after initial appearances in a federal court. When the pain of the way it ended finally fades, the Arizona Diamondbacks will realize just how successful their season was. Bye bye, Bye Week. Welcome back, Sun Devil football.  A man who was blinded in one eye by a foul ball during a game at Wrigley Field is suing Major League Baseball and the Chicago Cubs. Running back Adrian Peterson is coming to the Arizona Cardinals, the team confirmed Tuesday. In return, the Cards are giving the New Orleans Saints a conditional draft pick. Once was enough for Arizona Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians when it came to watching film from Sunday's 34-7 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.  Archie Bradley walked off the mound after another scoreless relief outing and tried to appreciate the moment. Arizona's season ended in a 3-1 defeat Monday night to the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 3 of an NL Division Series, and Bradley wanted to soak it in. Cody Bellinger homered, drove in two runs and flipped over a dugout railing to steal an out for a dominant Yu Darvish, helping the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3-1 Monday night to finish a three-game sweep in their NL Division Series.  Zack Greinke left Los Angeles for a big payday in the desert. Now Arizona wants the ex-Dodger to prove his worth.  Carson Wentz calls third downs the "money down." Cha-ching. Wentz threw a career-best four touchdown passes and the Philadelphia Eagles continued their impressive start with a 34-7 victory over the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday.  Vice President Mike Pence left the 49ers-Colts game after about a dozen San Francisco players took a knee during the national anthem Sunday, the latest move by President Donald Trump's administration to clash with NFL players over patriotism and public demonstrations. Yasiel Puig had three hits and drove in two runs, Austin Barnes added a key two-run double and the Los Angeles Dodgers used another relentless offensive performance to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8-5 on Saturday night for a 2-0 lead in their NL Division Series.  The Colorado coach had a simple request after the game. "Could someone please tackle No. 14 for Arizona?" Mike MacIntyre said.   James Neal's first season with a brand new team is off to a dream start, for both Neal and the Vegas Golden Knights.  Olympic gold medal swimmer, Michael Phelps, will throw out the ceremonial first pitch at Monday's Diamondbacks game at Chase Field.  Clayton Kershaw still hasn't figured out how to dominate in October. This time, he couldn't even keep the ball in the yard. Legendary basketball star and former Phoenix Suns player Connie Hawkins has died at 75.  Arizona made two changes to its roster from the wild-card game against Colorado, adding Game 1 starter Taijuan Walker and Pacific Coast League MVP Christian Walker while dropping outfielder Rey Fuentes and catcher Chris Herrmann. The Arizona Coyotes could be facing some tough competition in about 10 or 20 years, when the hockey players from the Little Howlers youth hockey program grow up. Die-hard D-Backs fan Frank Gennario shows Arizona's Family his museum of memorabilia inside his home. Meet a group of Arizona State University students whose collective passion is building race cars from scratch, starting with the design and ending at the finish line of the race. After falling behind 4-1 Thursday night to the Coyotes, Anaheim responded with four consecutive goals to edge Arizona 5-4 on a goal by Rickard Rakell with 3:30 left to play. Taijuan Walker will start Arizona’s NL Division Series opener against the Dodgers after the craziness of the Diamondbacks’ wild-card game depleted their pitching staff. The team is on a bye, but Uniformity plays on He's never thrown a pitch, or hit a home run.But Jesse McGuire has been an integral part of some of the Arizona Diamondbacks biggest wins.  According to a New York Post report, Major League Baseball is investigating the D-backs after coach Ariel Prieto was spotted wearing an Apple watch during Wednesday's D-backs Wild Card win over the Rockies. Wow! What a game! The Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Colorado Rockies in Wednesday night’s National League wild-card in Phoenix. The final score was 11 to 8.   Power pitches, hard hits, and outstanding outs between the Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies are all just part of the day for Dave Dunne. Three bags, four times. And you wouldn't believe who got in on all the fun for the Arizona Diamondbacks.  It was quite a night for our Arizona Diamondbacks as they beat the Rockies 11-8. Now they advance to face off against the Dodgers. And the excitement on the field carried over to the locker rooms!  It's do-or-die time for our Arizona Diamondbacks, which means we're celebrating Wild Card Wednesday!  The Maricopa County Stadium District has approved a $3.75 million contract for additional improvements to Chase Field, home field of the Arizona Diamondbacks.   D-backs fever hits the Valley this week with the home team hosting the Colorado Rockies in a one-game, winner takes all, National League Wild Card playoff. The Diamondbacks and Rockies share a spring training facility and played each other 19 times this season. A Phoenix jury acquitted NBA players Marcus and Markieff Morris in their aggravated assault trial Tuesday. The Arizona Diamondbacks are back in the playoffs for the first time since 2011. A tough loss and the wrong end of history give us much to discuss.  For the first time, University of Arizona Head Coach Sean Miller is speaking out about the recent NCAA scandal. The UA assistant basketball coach Emanuel Richardson was suspended and charged in the bribery scheme.   MCSO and the Phoenix Police Department are working on security plans to make sure everyone stays safe at Wednesday night's National League Wild Card game at Chase Field. The Arizona Coyotes unveiled a new DEK hockey rink at a Scottsdale elementary school on Monday. Jurors have begun their deliberations in the matter of two former Suns players' assault trial stemming from a 2015 incident. On July 18, the Arizona Diamondbacks acquired slugging outfielder J.D. Martinez from the Detroit Tigers for three minor leaguers. It might go down as one of the best mid-season acquisitions in baseball history. The Arizona Cardinals will have to move forward without one of their best defensive players after linebacker Markus Golden tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee, an injury that ended his season. The Arizona Cardinals honored Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback Kurt Warner at halftime of Sunday’s game against the San Francisco 49ers at University of Phoenix Stadium. The San Francisco 49ers finally mustered up a pass rush, doubling their season sack total in one game while putting constant pressure on Arizona quarterback Carson Palmer. Jorge Bonifacio and Jake Junis are auditioning for 2018 jobs. Bonifacio hit a three-run homer with two outs in the sixth inning to help the Kansas City Royals to a 4-3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Saturday night. On a record-setting day for Bryce Love, Stanford coach David Shaw had a difficult time deciding which of the junior running back's runs was his favorite. High school football scores Ian Kennedy picked up his first home victory in more than a year as the Kansas City Royals defeated the Arizona Diamondbacks 2-1 on Friday night. The winless 49ers think they're close to establishing the effective pass rush to help the defense. The Arizona Cardinals finally got some good news on the injury front Wednesday, with indications that some and perhaps most of their injured players will be back for Sunday's game against San Francisco. Andrew Barroway made quick and drastic changes shortly after becoming sole owner of the Arizona Coyotes, trading away the No. 1 goalie, parting ways with the coach and cutting ties with the longtime captain in a span of a few days. AZFamily takes an in depth look at the underworld of college basketball recruiting. A month into his Sun Devils career and Brandon Ruiz is already the Pac 12 Special Teams Player of the Week.  Federal prosecutors have announced charges of fraud and corruption in college basketball, including against four coaches. T.J. Warren has signed a $50 million, four-year contract extension with the Phoenix Suns. In an unprecedented move, DirecTV is giving refunds to customers who are upset over protests during the national anthem and want to cancel their NFL Sunday Ticket package. J.D. Martinez hit a grand slam and drove in six runs, leading the Diamondbacks and their lineup of regulars to an 11-4 win over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night. Now that's more like it.  10 men - including University of Arizona assistant basketball coach Emanuel "Book" Richardson - were charged with using bribes to influence star athletes at their respective schools. Come November 2018, the new finish line at Phoenix Raceway could produce some of auto racing’s more dramatic moments.  In one of the biggest crackdowns on the corrupting role of money in college basketball, 10 men - including a top Adidas executive and four assistant coaches - were charged Tuesday with using bribes to influence star athletes' choice of schools, shoe sponsors, agents, financial advisers, even tailors. "It's unbelievable," Former Coyotes captain Shane Doan said after Tuesday morning's big reveal. "It's pretty incredible." President Trump's tweets have consequences. Look no further than Marie Tillman, the widow of Pat Tillman, who was killed in a friendly fire incident in Afghanistan in 2004. The veteran backstop took advantage Monday, hitting a three-run homer and helping guide starter Johnny Cueto through an unfamiliar lineup in the Giants' 9-2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks. The Pittsburgh Steelers will be on the field during the national anthem for next weekend's game against the Baltimore Ravens. Dak Prescott threw two touchdown passes and flipped head over heels into the end zone on a 10-yard run for another and the Dallas Cowboys pulled away in the fourth quarter. National anthem singer Jordin Sparks had a message of her own Monday night before the Dallas Cowboys played the Arizona Cardinals.  The Arizona Cardinals showed unity during the National Anthem on Monday night. Just one hour after going on sale, tickets for the Diamondbacks' Wild Card game on Oct. 4 were sold out! The Cowboys and Cardinals are set to face off for Monday Night Football. As for kneeling during the national anthem, these two rivals have very different opinions. The Arizona Diamondbacks are heading to the playoffs for the first time since 2011. The Arizona Cardinals are hosting the Dallas Cowboys for Monday Night Football at the University of Phoenix Stadium on September 25, which means fans will be coming from all over the Valley, causing more traffic than usual in the West Valley. After 10 consecutive defeats and 4,740 days, Arizona State finally beat the Oregon Ducks.  Arizona Cardinals coach Bruce Arians showed support on Saturday for a statement from NFL commissioner Roger Goodell the day after President Trump said NFL players who kneel for the national anthem should be fired. About two dozen players, including Baltimore Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs and Jacksonville Jaguars running back Leonard Fournette, took a knee during the playing of the national anthem before the start of the teams' game at Wembley Stadium. With a season, and perhaps program, on the brink, ASU responded in a big way Freshman Brandon Ruiz kicked a 41-yard field goal with 2:33 to play and Arizona State held on to upset No. 24 Oregon 37-35 on Saturday night in the Pac-12 opener for both teams. The Arizona Cardinals finally get to play a home game. Following two preseason road games and two more away from home to start the regular season, the Cardinals are back in Arizona on Monday night against Dallas. Chris Iannetta homered twice and drove in a career-high eight runs and the Arizona Diamondbacks outslugged the Miami Marlins 13-11 on Friday night. J.D. Martinez and Christian Walker also homered for the Diamondbacks, who can clinch their first postseason berth in six years with a win Saturday and a loss by St. Louis. Young Lexi Lonask was looking for a sport to play. She tried soccer and didn't like it since it wasn't physical enough for her. So one day, her dad took her to the ice rink and she fell in love.  The Arizona Diamondbacks are not only fighting for the postseason, they are fighting childhood cancer. A group of excited kids at Neighborhood Ministries, clad in black Phoenix Suns shirts and sitting on basketballs distributed by the team, awaited the chance to play on their new basketball court. David Peralta hit a leadoff homer and added a go-ahead double in the seventh for the Diamondbacks, who scored 11 runs in the final four innings and overcame rookie Hunter Renfroe's three homers as the NL wild card leaders beat the Padres 13-7.  David Johnson was back in the Arizona Cardinals locker room on Wednesday, all smiles as usual as he met with reporters for the first time since he dislocated his left wrist in the season opener in Detroit. Arizona Coyotes legend Shane Doan will be the Grand Marshal of the 47thAnnual National Bank of Arizona Fiesta Bowl Parade on Dec. 30, 2017. As Grand Marshal, Doan will lead this year’s parade through the 2-mile parade route in central Phoenix. Arizona Coyotes legend Shane Doan will be the Grand Marshal of the 47thAnnual National Bank of Arizona Fiesta Bowl Parade on December 30, 2017. As Grand Marshal, Doan will lead this year’s parade through the two-mile parade route in central Phoenix. Gonzo was in the house to talk about some of the upcoming games and giveaways. He also talked about his son getting drafted into Major League Baseball. Carlos Correa and Daniella Rodriguez both left Dodger Stadium with rings. Maybe Sports Illustrated should start predicting the stock market.  Maybe Sports Illustrated should start predicting the stock market.  The Arizona Diamondbacks have promoted Jerry Narron to bench coach, replacing Ron Gardenhire, who was hired to manage the Detroit Tigers. The Arizona Diamondbacks have promoted Jerry Narron to bench coach, replacing Ron Gardenhire, who was hired to manage the Detroit Tigers. The Arizona Diamondbacks will be parting ways with Chief Baseball Analyst Tony La Russa at the end of the month, the team announced. The Arizona Diamondbacks will be parting ways with Chief Baseball Analyst Tony La Russa at the end of the month, the team announced. When the pain of the way it ended finally fades, the Arizona Diamondbacks will realize just how successful their season was. When the pain of the way it ended finally fades, the Arizona Diamondbacks will realize just how successful their season was. Archie Bradley walked off the mound after another scoreless relief outing and tried to appreciate the moment. Arizona's season ended in a 3-1 defeat Monday night to the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 3 of an NL Division Series, and Bradley wanted to soak it in. Archie Bradley walked off the mound after another scoreless relief outing and tried to appreciate the moment. Arizona's season ended in a 3-1 defeat Monday night to the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 3 of an NL Division Series, and Bradley wanted to soak it in. Cody Bellinger homered, drove in two runs and flipped over a dugout railing to steal an out for a dominant Yu Darvish, helping the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3-1 Monday night to finish a three-game sweep in their NL Division Series.  Cody Bellinger homered, drove in two runs and flipped over a dugout railing to steal an out for a dominant Yu Darvish, helping the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3-1 Monday night to finish a three-game sweep in their NL Division Series.  Zack Greinke left Los Angeles for a big payday in the desert. Now Arizona wants the ex-Dodger to prove his worth.  Zack Greinke left Los Angeles for a big payday in the desert. Now Arizona wants the ex-Dodger to prove his worth.  Yasiel Puig had three hits and drove in two runs, Austin Barnes added a key two-run double and the Los Angeles Dodgers used another relentless offensive performance to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8-5 on Saturday night for a 2-0 lead in their NL Division Series.  Yasiel Puig had three hits and drove in two runs, Austin Barnes added a key two-run double and the Los Angeles Dodgers used another relentless offensive performance to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8-5 on Saturday night for a 2-0 lead in their NL Division Series.  Olympic gold medal swimmer, Michael Phelps, will throw out the ceremonial first pitch at Monday's Diamondbacks game at Chase Field.  Olympic gold medal swimmer, Michael Phelps, will throw out the ceremonial first pitch at Monday's Diamondbacks game at Chase Field.  Clayton Kershaw still hasn't figured out how to dominate in October. This time, he couldn't even keep the ball in the yard. Clayton Kershaw still hasn't figured out how to dominate in October. This time, he couldn't even keep the ball in the yard. T.J. Warren scored 28 of his career-high 40 points in the second half and the Phoenix Suns overcame a 22-point deficit to beat the Washington Wizards 122-116 on Wednesday night. T.J. Warren scored 28 of his career-high 40 points in the second half and the Phoenix Suns overcame a 22-point deficit to beat the Washington Wizards 122-116 on Wednesday night. The Suns rallied to beat Brooklyn 122-114 on Tuesday night. The Suns rallied to beat Brooklyn 122-114 on Tuesday night. The Portland Trail Blazers didn't expect to see the same Phoenix team they beat by a record score in the season opener. The Portland Trail Blazers didn't expect to see the same Phoenix team they beat by a record score in the season opener. T.J. Warren scored 20 of his 27 points in the second half and the Phoenix Suns improved to 2-0 under Jay Triano with a 97-88 victory over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night. T.J. Warren scored 20 of his 27 points in the second half and the Phoenix Suns improved to 2-0 under Jay Triano with a 97-88 victory over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night. Eric Bledsoe's exit means Mike James gets the opportunity to start at point guard for the Suns. Eric Bledsoe's exit means Mike James gets the opportunity to start at point guard for the Suns. The NBA has fined Phoenix Suns rookie Josh Jackson $35,000 for "making a menacing gesture" on the playing court and "directing inappropriate language at a fan." The NBA has fined Phoenix Suns rookie Josh Jackson $35,000 for "making a menacing gesture" on the playing court and "directing inappropriate language at a fan." Some fans of the Purple and Orange are seeing red. They're blaming the Phoenix Suns' recent struggles on the team's owner, and want him to sell the team.  Some fans of the Purple and Orange are seeing red. They're blaming the Phoenix Suns' recent struggles on the team's owner, and want him to sell the team.  The Phoenix Suns beat the Sacramento Kings 117-115 on Monday for their first win of the season in their first game under interim coach Jay Triano. The Phoenix Suns beat the Sacramento Kings 117-115 on Monday for their first win of the season in their first game under interim coach Jay Triano. Phoenix point guard Eric Bledsoe was sent home Monday, a day after the Suns fired coach Earl Watson and replaced him on an interim basis with Jay Triano. Phoenix point guard Eric Bledsoe was sent home Monday, a day after the Suns fired coach Earl Watson and replaced him on an interim basis with Jay Triano. After a disastrous start to the season, it appears there's a shake-up at the helm for the Phoenix Suns. After a disastrous start to the season, it appears there's a shake-up at the helm for the Phoenix Suns. The Arizona Cardinals expected their defense to be a strength this season. It hasn't been. The Arizona Cardinals expected their defense to be a strength this season. It hasn't been. These are Drew Stanton's Cardinals now. The 33-year-old career backup quarterback will be at the controls when Arizona, sputtering at 3-4 and coming off an embarrassing loss in London, plays the winless 49ers in San Francisco on Sunday. These are Drew Stanton's Cardinals now. The 33-year-old career backup quarterback will be at the controls when Arizona, sputtering at 3-4 and coming off an embarrassing loss in London, plays the winless 49ers in San Francisco on Sunday. The Arizona Cardinals, after a week off to recover from their embarrassing performance in London, went back to work Tuesday, but don't expect David Johnson to return to rescue the team's sputtering season. The Arizona Cardinals, after a week off to recover from their embarrassing performance in London, went back to work Tuesday, but don't expect David Johnson to return to rescue the team's sputtering season. Nobody talks much about the Arizona Cardinals' "window of opportunity" anymore.  Nobody talks much about the Arizona Cardinals' "window of opportunity" anymore.  The Arizona Cardinals have placed quarterback Carson Palmer on injured reserve after he underwent surgery for a broken left arm. The Arizona Cardinals have placed quarterback Carson Palmer on injured reserve after he underwent surgery for a broken left arm. It's been just over three years since Mike Bercovici's famous Jael Mary throw to beat USC.   It's been just over three years since Mike Bercovici's famous Jael Mary throw to beat USC.   Drew Stanton has been here before. Carson Palmer goes down with a serious injury and Stanton steps in as his backup.  Drew Stanton has been here before. Carson Palmer goes down with a serious injury and Stanton steps in as his backup.  Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians is known for his bluntness and took to social media to put to rest any notion he's retiring. Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians is known for his bluntness and took to social media to put to rest any notion he's retiring. The Cardinals (3-4) were not only overmatched by the Los Angeles Rams in a 33-0 beatdown on Sunday, they may have lost quarterback Carson Palmer for the season. The Cardinals (3-4) were not only overmatched by the Los Angeles Rams in a 33-0 beatdown on Sunday, they may have lost quarterback Carson Palmer for the season. Arizona Cardinals quarterback Carson Palmer broke his left arm and coach Bruce Arians said he expects the quarterback to miss eight weeks. Arizona Cardinals quarterback Carson Palmer broke his left arm and coach Bruce Arians said he expects the quarterback to miss eight weeks. This is no throwaway NFL game in London. The Arizona Cardinals and Los Angeles Rams normally play their home games 371 miles apart, but they are traveling thousands of miles across the Atlantic for their important NFC West matchup on Sunday. This is no throwaway NFL game in London. The Arizona Cardinals and Los Angeles Rams normally play their home games 371 miles apart, but they are traveling thousands of miles across the Atlantic for their important NFC West matchup on Sunday. Benoit Pouliut had two goals and an assist, and the Buffalo Sabres held off Arizona's furious late charge to beat the Coyotes 5-4 on Thursday night.  Benoit Pouliut had two goals and an assist, and the Buffalo Sabres held off Arizona's furious late charge to beat the Coyotes 5-4 on Thursday night.  He’s been a teenage dream, after a nightmare start. He’s been a teenage dream, after a nightmare start. The struggling Arizona Coyotes finally got their first win of the season - but it sure didn't come easy. The struggling Arizona Coyotes finally got their first win of the season - but it sure didn't come easy. When the New Jersey Devils were consistently one of the NHL's elite franchises, one of their trademarks was a near-unwavering belief that they could defeat any opponent. When the New Jersey Devils were consistently one of the NHL's elite franchises, one of their trademarks was a near-unwavering belief that they could defeat any opponent. Their youth and a new-look fourth line helped the New York Rangers get a needed win.  Their youth and a new-look fourth line helped the New York Rangers get a needed win.  Shane Doan is beginning his post-playing career in the NHL's hockey operations department, where the longtime Arizona Coyotes captain will get a feel for how the league office works. Shane Doan is beginning his post-playing career in the NHL's hockey operations department, where the longtime Arizona Coyotes captain will get a feel for how the league office works. John Tavares completed his hat trick with a tiebreaking goal in the third period, lifting the New York Islanders over the winless Arizona Coyotes 5-3 on Tuesday night. John Tavares completed his hat trick with a tiebreaking goal in the third period, lifting the New York Islanders over the winless Arizona Coyotes 5-3 on Tuesday night. In a close game on the road, the Dallas Stars turned to a pair of playmakers on their top line. Tyler Seguin and Jamie Benn came through.  In a close game on the road, the Dallas Stars turned to a pair of playmakers on their top line. Tyler Seguin and Jamie Benn came through.  Ken Hitchcock had been looking for scoring from somewhere besides the Dallas Stars' top line. The third-winningest coach in NHL history got what he wanted Tuesday night, when Radek Faksa, Dan Hamhuis and Alexander Radulov each scored their first goal of the season in a 3-1 victory over the winless Arizona Coyotes.  Ken Hitchcock had been looking for scoring from somewhere besides the Dallas Stars' top line. The third-winningest coach in NHL history got what he wanted Tuesday night, when Radek Faksa, Dan Hamhuis and Alexander Radulov each scored their first goal of the season in a 3-1 victory over the winless Arizona Coyotes.  Rick Tocchet has been known as a players' coach, from his days with Tampa Bay and Pittsburgh to early in his current tenure with the Arizona Coyotes. Rick Tocchet has been known as a players' coach, from his days with Tampa Bay and Pittsburgh to early in his current tenure with the Arizona Coyotes. Put a fence around the state! Keep the kids home! #StayTrue2ASU! How much progress has ASU made with local high schools and their coaches? Put a fence around the state! Keep the kids home! #StayTrue2ASU! How much progress has ASU made with local high schools and their coaches? The Sun Devils will wear the much anticipated military appreciation uniforms against Colorado this week. The Sun Devils will wear the much anticipated military appreciation uniforms against Colorado this week. Arizona has the type of roster that could end coach Sean Miller's Final Four-less tenure in the desert, possibly win a national title. Arizona has the type of roster that could end coach Sean Miller's Final Four-less tenure in the desert, possibly win a national title. Arizona State guard Kobi Justice often found himself in the post trying to guard much larger players, sometimes even 7-footers. Arizona State guard Kobi Justice often found himself in the post trying to guard much larger players, sometimes even 7-footers. Welp...time to get up, dust yourself off, and fire up Speak of the Devils.  Welp...time to get up, dust yourself off, and fire up Speak of the Devils.  Former Sun Devils were joined by old demons during ASU's Homecoming game vs USC Former Sun Devils were joined by old demons during ASU's Homecoming game vs USC Khalil Tate, in his fourth straight spectacular performance, rushed for 158 yards and a touchdown and passed for 275 more and two scores, leading surprising Arizona to its fourth consecutive Pac-12 victory, 58-37 over No. 15 Washington State on Saturday night. Khalil Tate, in his fourth straight spectacular performance, rushed for 158 yards and a touchdown and passed for 275 more and two scores, leading surprising Arizona to its fourth consecutive Pac-12 victory, 58-37 over No. 15 Washington State on Saturday night. Patience isn’t a virtue these days, it’s a liability. That is, until it’s a necessity.  Patience isn’t a virtue these days, it’s a liability. That is, until it’s a necessity.  The Sun Devils come home after recording a road win to face USC.  The Sun Devils come home after recording a road win to face USC.  Jay Jay Wilson was scoring a touchdown no matter what Utah quarterback Tyler Huntley was thinking. Jay Jay Wilson was scoring a touchdown no matter what Utah quarterback Tyler Huntley was thinking. Folks, we have ourselves a winning streak. Let's take a look. Folks, we have ourselves a winning streak. Let's take a look. Khalil Tate has run for 694 yards and passed for 468 more while accounting for 11 touchdowns. Khalil Tate has run for 694 yards and passed for 468 more while accounting for 11 touchdowns.