Sports News - The Morning Call
Hello November. And hello 5 o’clock darkness and colder (presumably) temperatures.
Down go the Halloweeen decorations and up go the Christmas decorations as we generally seem to bypass Thanksgiving in favor of getting that shopping season bustling.
Anyway, the regular season of the 2017 high school... Special thank you to band director Kevin Long and all the kids for making this the best prediction video of the season. Special thank you to band director Kevin Long and all the kids for making this the best prediction video of the season. At 7-1, the Philadelphia Eagles have earned the kind of midseason report card that nobody would be ashamed to bring home and have their parents sign.
They’ve been excellent in every sense on their way to earning the best record in the NFL.
Here’s their grades:
Quarterback: A. Carson Wentz is the... On the way home from Columbus, Trace McSorley’s phone pinged with texts, some from former Penn State football players. One came from Lee Rubin, the former Penn State safety, now a motivational speaker, who texted several team captains.
The lettermen’s message: “Keep your heads up, keep grinding,... Penn State is No. 7 in the first College Football Playoff rankings, a reasonable landing spot following its 39-38 loss to Ohio State. A few thoughts on the selection committee’s thoughts regarding the Nittany Lions.
Though ranked seventh, Penn State (7-1) sits an “evenly matched” group of five... Penn State strayed from its offensive identity against Ohio State, coach James Franklin said, in a move that might have sensed of protectionism. Perhaps the Lions could have thrown more late, Franklin said, could have schemed more to help their offensive line.
But ultimately, what struck the coach... Temple coach Geoff Collins needed his deep, booming voice for his postgame press conference.
In the adjacent locker room, the music was loud and so was the chanting. And why not? Amid an uneven first season in charge, Collins' Owls put together their best performance of the season.
Frank Nutile... Danick Martel’s success this year all stems back to some quality time playing Xbox this offseason.
Well, not completely. But it has helped.
The AHL’s leading goal scorer, with 10 goals in the Lehigh Valley Phantoms’ first 10 games, has a number of reasons for his hot start to the season and his... At this rate, the Lehigh Valley Phantoms won’t have any of the same defensemen remaining on their roster from the last time they played when they face Wilkes-Barre/Scranton this Friday at PPL Center.
After the Flyers intended to call Sam Morin up, they reported the 6-foot-7 defenseman had an injury... Following Shayne Gostisbehere’s injury on Saturday, the Philadelphia Flyers needed an extra defenseman.
The Flyers intended to go with Sam Morin but on Monday revealed he was dealing with a “nagging issue.” He did not participate in the team’s full morning skate. Instead, they called up the Lehigh... Michal Neuvirth made 33 saves and Brandon Manning broke a scoreless tie with a second-period goal to lead the Philadelphia Flyers over the St. Louis Blues 2-0 on Thursday night.
Claude Giroux added an empty-net goal with 5.4 seconds left in Philadelphia's first shutout of the season.
St. Louis... Engaging, warm, intense, passionate and — more than anything — authentic.
That’s how the Phillies’ new manager Gabe Kapler described his personality at his introductory press conference with the media at Citizens Bank Park on Thursday afternoon.
Phillies General Manager Matt Klentak, who sat with... The Lehigh Valley IronPigs and Connoisseur Media have announced a three-year extension to their broadcast agreement, which began when ESPN of the Lehigh Valley became the flagship station of IronPigs baseball in 2009. ESPN 1160-1230-1320 AM will continue to be the source for live play-by-play coverage... With another burst of warmer weather approaching, golf courses in the Northeast are hoping for an uptick in tee times. And thanks to a joint decision of several regional golf associations, some of those late-season golfers can make their scores count.
Four regional golf associations, including the... Kevin Edwards walked into coach John Makuvek’s office at Moravian College before his freshman year and announced that he wanted to play golf. Upon hearing Edwards’ scores at Nazareth High, Makuvek paused.
“I was not ready to run into the lobby to clean off space for the trophies,” Makuvek said.... SHANGHAI — Justin Rose posed with the trophy from the balcony high above the 18th green at Sheshan International, a moment that didn’t seem possible.
He started the final round eight shots behind Dustin Johnson, the No. 1 player in the world.
“The beginning of the day, I was playing for second,”... Moravian Academy’s golf team punctuated a record-setting run by placing fourth at the PIAA Class 2A golf championships Wednesday in York.
Seniors Drew Warner (80), Matt Pulcini (80) and Bobby Beck (82) and junior Juan Vidal (82) led Moravian Academy to its first appearance in the PIAA team championships... MARTINSVILLE, Va. — Chase Elliott could have won at Martinsville Speedway. Same for Brad Keselowski, and Denny Hamlin, too.
It was Kyle Busch, though, who punched his ticket into NASCAR’s championship race with the victory.
Busch moved Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Hamlin out of his way in overtime... Martin Truex Jr. didn't feel a sense of urgency to win Sunday's race at Kansas Speedway because of its playoff implications, not with his spot in the next round safe following a victory at Charlotte.
No, the sense of urgency was much more personal.
Truex learned overnight that one of the Furniture... Talladega is NASCAR’s version of the spin-cycle.
Accidents happen and, whoosh, you get caught up in the dirty laundry.
Talladega’s unpredictable dynamics likely will have consequences moving on to the next elimination race this weekend in Kansas. Check out the results from Talladega, where eight... Brad Keselowski was in trouble when he arrived at Talladega Superspeedway ranked 10th in the playoff standings. He knew he'd need a big finish to keep his championship chances intact.
He delivered.
Keselowski earned an automatic berth into the third round of the playoffs with a victory Sunday at... On Halloween night, as the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Houston Astros were gearing up for Game 6 of the World Series, a prominent Las Vegas oddsmaker told a ghost story that sent the sports betting world into a frenzy. No one had confirmed it as of Friday morning. But they were still talking about... Penn State turned over its fate to the College Football Playoff committee Saturday night, of which it’s well aware. Still, the Lions left Ohio State on Saturday night marshaling hope (and not falsely) that they remain contenders.
“I know we lost by a point, but so what?” tight end Mike Gesicki... For Philadelphia Eagles fans, this is must-see TV: Coach Doug Pederson encouraging and sometimes scolding his team during last Sunday’s 33-10 victory over the San Francisco 49ers.
Pederson begins the day by hugging every player he can get to before sending them out to the field.
At one point, he... Scott Clymer, like his four brothers, wrestled since a young age.
He won a PIAA title among his three state medals while competing at Northwestern.
He qualified for the NCAA tournament when Liberty University had a Division I program, then captured a National Collegiate Wrestling Association title... Matt Forte ran for two touchdowns four days after complaining the Jets didn't run the ball enough, and an overwhelming defense sacked Tyrod Taylor seven times Thursday night in New York's 34-21 demolition of the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo (5-3) came in having scored 64 points in its last two wins,... After winning District 11 Class 6A and 4A football titles last season, Parkland and Bethlehem Catholic finished 1-2 in the EPC South standings this fall.
Can anyone stop the Trojans and Golden Hawks from celebrating championships again?
That question will start to have an answer when the District... A sports agent and a baseball trainer were sentenced to federal prison Thursday after their convictions for illegally smuggling Cuban players and their relatives into the U.S.
Agent Bartolo Hernandez, of Weston, was sentenced to 3 years and 10 months, while trainer Julio Estrada, of Miami, was... We interrupt this fun-and-games column to bring you something from the real world: Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf this week signed legislation to legalize online sports betting.
Now some of you are probably thinking: Wait, it’s currently illegal?
Indeed, Pennsylvania would join Nevada, New Jersey and... I can’t recall a NFL trade deadline as active as the one we just witnessed.
The results will impact all fantasy leagues in one way or the other.
My thoughts: Jay Ajayi's season gets a reboot with his trade to Philly. Maybe he can finally score a touchdown. LeGarrette Blount's value plummets, but... Who's next? The Houston Astros won their first World Series crown in their 56th season since starting play as the Colt .45s. And they did it Wednesday night with a 5-1 victory at Dodger Stadium, which opened on April 10, 1962 — the same day Houston beat the Chicago Cubs 11-2 in its first game.... Let George Springer stand for all the champion Houston Astros who beat the Los Angeles Dodgers, 5-1, in Game 7 of the World Series at Dodger Stadium on Wednesday night. Springer personifies them in so many ways.
From his status as a gifted high draft pick who is likely to be a core Houston star... Yuli Gurriel, before his first at-bat Wednesday in Houston’s 5-1 World Series Game 7 win over the Dodgers, acknowledged pitcher Yu Darvish with a tip of his cap. Darvish responded by stepping to the front of the mound and nodding.
In baseball language: case closed. At least for now.
Gurriel made... It’s the toughest job in sports, being an NFL coach, considering the involved strategy, bulky roster management and violent careers that demand players make a money grab when they’re able to make a money grab.
The Dolphins have the right guy, too, for the first time in years. Adam Gase is there... The Keystone State's NFL teams have been tough to beat. The Philadelphia Eagles (7-1) have won six games in a row and have the league's best record. After a slow start, the Pittsburgh Steelers (6-2) have won three in a row and have a two-game lead in the AFC North. And the Pennsylvania-based teams... The big board is my attempt to discern who the best available players in next year’s draft class actually are.
With a little over a month left in this college football regular season, bowl games and the playoffs after that, there’s still a lot to evaluate.
Expect this board to remain fluid until...