Sports News - San Diego Union Tribune
It’s time for us to start assessing our options, now that there appears to be an option.
So my self-imposed shushing has ceased.
It has been a few glorious months since I voiced any opinion at all on what we should do with the Mission Valley property where SDCCU Stadium and its immense parking... After three rounds of the 2017 NFL Draft, Chargers coach Anthony Lynn joked that defensive coordinator Gus Bradley might need to seek counseling.
Three times, the Chargers picked in prime position to take a player to fit Bradley’s Cover 3 defense, and three times the Chargers picked offensive players.... Matt Stairs became the Padres’ newest hitting coach on Monday, effectively starting a clock that sped by for many of his predecessors. Stairs, who played for San Diego in 2010, is the ninth person to assume that title since Petco Park opened 13 years ago. The Padres have performed at or near the... The SDSU Aztecs play UC San Diego in an exhibition game at the Viejas Arena in San Diego on Thursday, November 2, 2017. Aztecs won 98-79. The SDSU Aztecs play UC San Diego in an exhibition game at the Viejas Arena in San Diego on Thursday, November 2, 2017. Aztecs won 98-79. Each week I’ll list the best widely available free agents for fantasy football — I define “widely available” as being owned in around half of all ESPN or Yahoo leagues — and some guys who are probably better off in the free agent pool than collecting dust on your roster.
Here's my best bets for... The Cleveland Browns are the only NFL team to be officially eliminated from playoff contention.
Don’t fret Dawg Pound. Over the next few weeks, you will surely be joined by other disappointed fans and together you can begin looking forward to the one thing that gives you hope: the NFL draft.
Bowl... Some thoughts after Week 11 of the fantasy football season: I guess moving PATs back 13 yards was a big deal. Kickers missed 12 extra point attempts on Sunday. Two seasons ago, before the league moved the kick back, kickers missed eight PATs for the season. Russell Wilson is officially go for launch.... Each week I’ll list the best widely available free agents for fantasy football — I define “widely available” as being owned in around half of all ESPN or Yahoo leagues — and some guys who are probably better off in the free agent pool than collecting dust on your roster.
Here's my best bets for... The best two players in this draft class will likely be Texas A&M’s Myles Garrett and Alabama’s Jonathan Allen, but it will be where quarterback-needy teams take those quarterbacks that will define this draft — as per usual.
Clemson’s Deshaun Watson, Notre Dame’s DeShone Kizer, North Carolina’s... Each week I’ll list the best widely available free agents for fantasy football — I define “widely available” as being owned in around half of all ESPN or Yahoo leagues — and some guys who are probably better off in the free agent pool than collecting dust on your roster.
Here's my best bets for... If the handmade cardboard sign by the Gonzaga student who camped three days outside McCarthey Athletic Center in rainy, 40-degree weather is prophetic, then the poor kid is going to have some explaining to do to his parents footing the tuition bill.
SDSU is going down like my GPA.
There was no... Samford University’s Demetrius Denzel-Dyson wears Nikes that probably glow in the dark. They’re equal parts lime green, pink and purple. Kind of clash with the Bulldogs’ red and black uniforms.
Despite the garish shoe attire, USD struggled spotting Denzel-Dyson. The Massachusetts transfer hit his... It is a tradition like no other.
Another game. Another key Charger lost to a significant injury.
Nose tackle Brandon Mebane suffered a torn biceps in the first quarter of Sunday’s 31-24 loss to the Dolphins. He finished the game with an arm brace, but Monday exam results determined he will miss... Another Sunday, another story saying San Diego is going to lose the Chargers.
Specifically, another Chargers home game was preceded by another csbssports.com report declaring the Chargers “have little recourse but to join the Rams in Los Angeles” after the defeat of their downtown stadium-convention...