Sports News | KansasCity.com & The Kansas City Star
Kansas City has seen this movie before. Fan satisfaction is impossible to measure, but if social media, emails, voicemails and other forms of expression are to be believed there is an enormous disconnect between the KC Chiefs’ 6-2 start and their fans’ general fatalism. It’s up to this team to prove them wrong, because one way or the other, the end of this season is going to affect how the franchise is viewed for years — for better, or for worse.
Malik Newman, a 6-foot-3 sophomore combo guard, transferred to KU after an injury-plagued freshman season at Mississippi State in 2015-16. He practiced last season with the Jayhawks but could not play in games until this fall in accordance with NCAA transfer rules. Horatio Webster, the father of Malik Newman, was first-team all-league at Mississippi State in 1997-98. He’s perhaps the biggest supporter of his son, the Jayhawks’ redshirt sophomore shooting guard.
After years of fighting negative stereotypes in college basketball recruiting, the Kansas Jayhawks basketball team appears to be quickly changing its perception when it comes to landing top-level guards.
On Thursday, the NFLPA asked the Second Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals specifically to allow him to play in Sunday’s game against the Chiefs. On Friday, the court agreed, so he’ll be in uniform Sunday.
Reinforcements for the Chiefs’ pass rush are on the way, as outside linebacker Tamba Hali returned to practice Thursday.
Glass reversed a previously stated position by blocking the Braves from talking to general manager Dayton Moore for their open position. That’s Glass’ right, and part of Moore’s contract. But if that’s all he does, he’s not giving Moore or the Royals their best chance for success.
New Missouri men’s basketball coach Cuonzo Martin on Wednesday was the keynote speaker for “High Aspirations,” a Kansas City mentoring organization for African-American males. He offered powerful encouragement based on his own remarkable experiences in contending with adversity.
Former Royals center fielder Brian McRae is expected to become assistant baseball coach at Shawnee Mission East in the spring, further deepening the Royals’ connections at the school. George Brett’s sons and Joe Randa’s sons, Jake and Justin, have both played baseball there. Dayton Moore’s son, Robert, is a middle infielder.
Kansas City Chiefs running back Charcandrick West savagely crushed a Broncos fan who took a shot at the Chiefs on Twitter.
High school football playoffs continue in Missouri and begin in Kansas this week. Here is a schedule of games for the week of Nov. 3.
Former KU basketball star Joel Embiid signed a $148 million extension with the Philadelphia 76ers last month. That’s like winning the lottery, but Embiid didn’t do anything special with the money.
If freshman forward Billy Preston plays as Bill Self thinks he can, the Kansas Jayhawks could run a more traditional lineup of two bigs and three perimeter players in games, Self said on Thursday in Wichita.
KC Chiefs offensive coordinator Matt Nagy said the play worked in practice, but Tyreek Hill’s pass to Ross Travis was intercepted in the end zone in the Chiefs’ 29-19 victory over the Denver Broncos on Monday.
Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen has a huge interest in Sunday’s game beween the KC Chiefs and Dallas Cowboys. He coached Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith as an assistant at Utah and the Cowboys’ Dak Prescott as the Bulldogs’ head coach. And both quarterbacks call Mullen one of the biggest influences of their careers.
The jerseys of KC Chiefs players Travis Kelce, Kareem Hunt, Eric Berry, Alex Smith and Justin Houston rank among the Top 100 sold this season at Dick’s Sporting Goods. Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott, who faces off against the Chiefs on Sunday, ranks first.
Five years after breaking high school records at Conway Springs, Wood is finally coming into his own as a college football player. The senior is having his best season in a K-State uniform, emerging as the Wildcats’ top pass rusher, a solid run-stuffer and one of the most versatile defensive linemen in the Big 12.
Kansas State basketball coach Bruce Weber said he intended to use a committee of big men to replace D.J. Johnson this season, and the Wildcats lived up to that statement in their first two exhibition games.
After suffering through a season of disappointment, the Kansas Jayhawks football team could easily change its entire season narrative with a home win against 0-8 Baylor at 11 a.m. Saturday at Memorial Stadium.
Chris Gervino, sports director at KOMU-TV, will replace Gary Link as the radio color commentator for Missouri men’s basketball games this season, the Mizzou athletic department announced Thursday. Gervino has been the football sideline reporter for the Tiger Radio Network since 1992. He will work basketball games alongside the network’s play-by-play broadcaster, Mike Kelly.
The Chiefs on Thursday announced details on purchasing tickets for potential postseason games this season. According to the Chiefs, season-ticket holders have the first chance to secure playoff tickets before they are put on sale to Jackson County residents or the general public. They have until Nov. 17 to opt-in. Single-game tickets for a potential Wild Card or Divisional home game will go on sale to the public at 10 a.m. Wednesday, Nov. 22.