NCAA College Football Teams, Scores, Stats, News, Standings, Rumors - College Football - ESPN
Baker Mayfield and Mason Rudolph top the QBR rankings. Both have their teams in the Big 12 and playoff hunt, and both could be meeting for the final time. Oklahoma has owned Bedlam, beating Oklahoma State in 10 of the last 12 meetings. Will Mason Ruldolph finally lead the Cowboys to victory? That look of anguish is all too familiar for OSU fans as rival Oklahoma comes to town. Astonishing, grand, mind-blowing, awesome: There isn't a positive adjective in the thesaurus that hasn't been connected to the Crimson Tide over the past decade. With the Nick Saban train rolling again, what is left to say? The Tigers will look to snap a 6-game losing skid in their series against the Tide on Saturday in Tuscaloosa. Four years ago, Wallace was set to walk out on football. Instead, inspired by his dad, he walked on to Alabama and is now a legit draft prospect. Tim Tebow credits Georgia's strength of schedule as the reason they took the No. 1 ranking form Alabama, even though he still thinks Alabama is the best team. When Miami's defensive coordinator created the turnover chain, he had no idea he was starting a movement that has inspired T-shirts, Halloween costumes and countless imitators. The ESPN reporter attempts a backflip at the University of Miami pool off a seven and a half meter platform. The first College Football Playoff rankings couldn't have come at a better time, with seven ranked matchups in Week 10, as well as potential trap games for the top three teams. Gerhard de Beer, the Wildcats right tackle, is the typical fish-out-of-water story. Just your average South African, world-class discus thrower who's 6-foot-7, never played football before, and, oh yeah, wants to try kicking. Overcoming a lengthy and terrifying hospitalization in high school helped Bryant keep things in perspective as he took over as starting QB for the defending national champions. Stanford's Bryce Love and NC State's Nyheim Hines are two of the top six running backs in the country and come from the same hometown in North Carolina. What does a big-game weekend mean to a college town? We take a deep dive into the numbers at hotels, airports, restaurants and more. Despite being 8-0, Wisconsin is ranked No. 9 in the College Football Playoff rankings, behind six one-loss teams. Don't bother telling the Badgers about it, though. They plan to stay in their bubble, keep winning and see what happens. Georgia, Alabama, Notre Dame and Clemson made the CFP selection committee's first four. Based on trends from the last three years of playoff participants, we may be able to fast forward to the final grouping. Four players, including Ohio State quarterback J.T. Barrett, received first-place votes in this week's Heisman Watch. Where would No. 1 Georgia be this season without freshman QB Jake Fromm? But he's just one of the first-year players who have made an impact on the 25 teams in the College Football Playoff rankings. It's already Week 10 of the college football season. Rob Nelson identifies betting nuggets to know for the weekend's slate of games. College football's Week 10 is highlighted by a Clemson-NC State meeting in Raleigh, along with the next installment of the Bedlam series in Stillwater. Here is the full list of game lines from the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook. Alabama and Ohio State remain 1-2 in odds to win the College Football Playoff, and Clemson moves into the No. 3 spot. When the Tigers and Tide meet this weekend, we'll get a look at some of the top talent available in next year's draft. Todd McShay ranks them and the rest of the best prospects for 2018. Georgia checked in at No. 1, ahead of Alabama, in the first CFP rankings. That means the Bulldogs would play Clemson in the Sugar Bowl, while the Tide would get Notre Dame in the Rose Bowl. The Alabama coach loves different ways to get his players attention, and what better than the first playoff rankings that put
the Tide looking up at another SEC team. A pair of SEC teams sit atop a field of contenders with impressive résumés in the first CFP rankings of 2017. On this spookfest of a Halloween, nothing has been scarier than the macabre goings-on with the Florida Gators. Who says the SEC has lost its dominance? Not in the Power Rankings. Georgia's commanding win over Florida puts the Bulldogs behind only Alabama in this week's ratings. The SEC has the top two teams in the country for the first time since 2012 as Alabama and Georgia take spots 1 and 2; Ohio State, Wisconsin and Notre Dame round out the top five. Georgia is ranked second in the AP Poll, its highest ranking since 2008. This is the first time SEC teams are ranked No. 1 and No. 2 in the AP Poll since Sept. 2012. Did you know Nick Saban met his wife at a science camp? Or that he used to rock out to The Eagles with Bill Belichick? Well, as the legendary Alabama coach turns 66, we celebrate by recounting some of our favorite Saban stories. Four players, including Ohio State quarterback J.T. Barrett, received first-place votes in this week's Heisman Watch. Who says the SEC has lost its dominance? Not in the Power Rankings. Georgia's commanding win over Florida puts the Bulldogs behind only Alabama in this week's ratings. How far does Penn State slide down the bowl ladder after a heartbreaking loss to Ohio State? How high do the Buckeyes climb? And what to do with the Big 12 teams? We have all the answers in the updated bowl projections. We use cookies to offer an improved online experience. By clicking "OK" without changing your settings you are giving your consent to receive cookies.