Baton Rouge, LA, Local Sports, Breaking Sports, Scores, Action - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports
The LSU Tigers arrive in Tuscaloosa on Friday with one mission in mind, "Beat Bama".  The LSU Tigers arrive in Tuscaloosa on Friday with one mission in mind, "Beat Bama".  LSU head coach Ed Orgeron will be meeting with the media after Thursday's practice. LSU head coach Ed Orgeron will be meeting with the media after Thursday's practice. LSU assistant football coach, Corey Raymond, has instructed and sent numerous players to the NFL over the years. LSU assistant football coach, Corey Raymond, has instructed and sent numerous players to the NFL over the years. No. 19 LSU travels to Tuscaloosa to face No. 2 Alabama in a huge SEC matchup. Here are some times of interest leading up to Saturday night's kickoff on WAFB.  No. 19 LSU travels to Tuscaloosa to face No. 2 Alabama in a huge SEC matchup. Here are some times of interest leading up to Saturday night's kickoff on WAFB.  LSU travels to play Alabama this weekend in Tuscaloosa and the Tigers enter the game a 21-point underdog to the Crimson Tide. LSU travels to play Alabama this weekend in Tuscaloosa and the Tigers enter the game a 21-point underdog to the Crimson Tide. A new route has been announced for Southern University's homecoming parade, which was rescheduled due to the possible threat of Hurricane Nate. The parade is now set to roll November 4. A new route has been announced for Southern University's homecoming parade, which was rescheduled due to the possible threat of Hurricane Nate. The parade is now set to roll November 4. Southern is back home after two weeks on the road and will host Prairie View Saturday afternoon at A.W. Mumford Stadium. Southern is back home after two weeks on the road and will host Prairie View Saturday afternoon at A.W. Mumford Stadium. Southern head coach Dawson Odums previews this weekend's game against Prairie View A&M Tuesday afternoon at his weekly press conference. Southern head coach Dawson Odums previews this weekend's game against Prairie View A&M Tuesday afternoon at his weekly press conference. Southern quarterback Austin Howard has been named the SWAC Offensive Player of the Week. Southern quarterback Austin Howard has been named the SWAC Offensive Player of the Week. Southern University’s former head baseball coach Roger Cador will leave his mark on the baseball program with the renaming of the baseball fieldhouse in his honor.  Southern University’s former head baseball coach Roger Cador will leave his mark on the baseball program with the renaming of the baseball fieldhouse in his honor.  The NFL dished out monthly awards for October performances and the Saints' 4-0 mark has been rewarded with an individual recognition.  The NFL dished out monthly awards for October performances and the Saints' 4-0 mark has been rewarded with an individual recognition.  Saints running back Mark Ingram lost two fumbles against the Bears last Sunday.  Saints running back Mark Ingram lost two fumbles against the Bears last Sunday.  Halloween costumes that celebrate the Saints.  Halloween costumes that celebrate the Saints.  New Orleans Saints and New Orleans Pelicans Owner Tom Benson was taken to the hospital for precautionary reasons Sunday afternoon. New Orleans Saints and New Orleans Pelicans Owner Tom Benson was taken to the hospital for precautionary reasons Sunday afternoon. The Saints survived two lost fumbles by Mark Ingram, to extend their win streak to five games, beating the Bears 20-12. The Saints survived two lost fumbles by Mark Ingram, to extend their win streak to five games, beating the Bears 20-12. During his time as Pelicans head coach, Alvin Gentry has never experienced having a winning record. During his time as Pelicans head coach, Alvin Gentry has never experienced having a winning record. It’s officially a winning streak. With the Pelicans' 123-101 victory over the Cavaliers, Saturday night, they’ve won back-to-back games, and if they continue to play like they did against Cleveland, it could be a lot more.  It’s officially a winning streak. With the Pelicans' 123-101 victory over the Cavaliers, Saturday night, they’ve won back-to-back games, and if they continue to play like they did against Cleveland, it could be a lot more.  The Pelicans will sign veteran forward Josh Smith to a non-guaranteed deal using an injury hardship exception.  The Pelicans will sign veteran forward Josh Smith to a non-guaranteed deal using an injury hardship exception.  Even with a 39-point outburst by Boogie Cousins, the Pelicans still couldn't pull off a road win in Portland, falling 103-93. Anthony Davis left the contest in the first half with a left knee injury, he never returned. Cousins 39 points was a game high, but no other Pelicans filled the void left by Davis. Jrue Holiday scored 14 points, and Jameer Nelson dropped in 10. They were the only Pels to score in double-figures. C.J. McCullom led the Blazers with 23 points. Damian Lillard ch... Even with a 39-point outburst by Boogie Cousins, the Pelicans still couldn't pull off a road win in Portland, falling 103-93. Anthony Davis left the contest in the first half with a left knee injury, he never returned. Cousins 39 points was a game high, but no other Pelicans filled the void left by Davis. Jrue Holiday scored 14 points, and Jameer Nelson dropped in 10. They were the only Pels to score in double-figures. C.J. McCullom led the Blazers with 23 points. Damian Lillard ch... The Lakers erased a 21-point deficit in the second half, but the Pelicans (1-2) recovered in the fourth quarter with a 13-2 run to beat Los Angeles 119-112. The Lakers erased a 21-point deficit in the second half, but the Pelicans (1-2) recovered in the fourth quarter with a 13-2 run to beat Los Angeles 119-112. The LSU Tigers arrive in Tuscaloosa on Friday with one mission in mind, "Beat Bama".  The LSU Tigers arrive in Tuscaloosa on Friday with one mission in mind, "Beat Bama".  One young football player made an unforgettable touchdown Thursday night. One young football player made an unforgettable touchdown Thursday night. LSU head coach Ed Orgeron will be meeting with the media after Thursday's practice. LSU head coach Ed Orgeron will be meeting with the media after Thursday's practice. The NFL dished out monthly awards for October performances and the Saints' 4-0 mark has been rewarded with an individual recognition.  The NFL dished out monthly awards for October performances and the Saints' 4-0 mark has been rewarded with an individual recognition.  LSU assistant football coach, Corey Raymond, has instructed and sent numerous players to the NFL over the years. LSU assistant football coach, Corey Raymond, has instructed and sent numerous players to the NFL over the years. No. 19 LSU travels to Tuscaloosa to face No. 2 Alabama in a huge SEC matchup. Here are some times of interest leading up to Saturday night's kickoff on WAFB.  No. 19 LSU travels to Tuscaloosa to face No. 2 Alabama in a huge SEC matchup. Here are some times of interest leading up to Saturday night's kickoff on WAFB.  The Houston Astros won the first World Series championship in franchise history by romping past the Los Angeles Dodgers 5-1 in Game 7. The Houston Astros won the first World Series championship in franchise history by romping past the Los Angeles Dodgers 5-1 in Game 7. LSU travels to play Alabama this weekend in Tuscaloosa and the Tigers enter the game a 21-point underdog to the Crimson Tide. LSU travels to play Alabama this weekend in Tuscaloosa and the Tigers enter the game a 21-point underdog to the Crimson Tide. Neither a rain and lightning delay, nor Central’s defense, could stop the Denham Springs offense and senior sensation Tyre Golmond on Friday, Oct. 27, 2017. Neither a rain and lightning delay, nor Central’s defense, could stop the Denham Springs offense and senior sensation Tyre Golmond on Friday, Oct. 27, 2017. Saints running back Mark Ingram lost two fumbles against the Bears last Sunday.  Saints running back Mark Ingram lost two fumbles against the Bears last Sunday.  Southern is back home after two weeks on the road and will host Prairie View Saturday afternoon at A.W. Mumford Stadium. Southern is back home after two weeks on the road and will host Prairie View Saturday afternoon at A.W. Mumford Stadium. Former LSU defensive back Jalen Mills has been named the NFC Defensive Player of the Week.  Former LSU defensive back Jalen Mills has been named the NFC Defensive Player of the Week.  The LSU men's basketball team hit the court on Halloween night in New Orleans and faced the Tulane Green Wave. The LSU men's basketball team hit the court on Halloween night in New Orleans and faced the Tulane Green Wave. Pictures from the LSU vs Tulane exhibition game. Pictures from the LSU vs Tulane exhibition game. Auburn Athletics will hold two men's basketball players out indefinitely connected to the with an ongoing federal bribery probe involving the team's coach.  Auburn Athletics will hold two men's basketball players out indefinitely connected to the with an ongoing federal bribery probe involving the team's coach.  The Los Angeles Dodgers will face the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the World Series at Dodger Stadium. The Los Angeles Dodgers will face the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the World Series at Dodger Stadium. Justin Turner is back at third base and hitting third in the Los Angeles Dodgers' starting lineup for Game 6 of the World Series, while the Astros juggled the bottom of their lineup. Justin Turner is back at third base and hitting third in the Los Angeles Dodgers' starting lineup for Game 6 of the World Series, while the Astros juggled the bottom of their lineup. In the NFL, you can't really expect anything until it actually happens. This is a lesson Bengals backup quarterback A.J. McCarron says was reiterated to him this week. In the NFL, you can't really expect anything until it actually happens. This is a lesson Bengals backup quarterback A.J. McCarron says was reiterated to him this week. Halloween costumes that celebrate the Saints.  Halloween costumes that celebrate the Saints.  Following 104 wins in the regular season, the Dodgers are one loss away from being eliminated in their first World Series appearance since 1988. Following 104 wins in the regular season, the Dodgers are one loss away from being eliminated in their first World Series appearance since 1988. James Harmon Henderson has been talking sports in New Orleans, in his own way, for nearly 40-years now. Since he arrived on the scene in 1978, the sports landscape has changed, but how he eloquently spoke about it hasn't. James Harmon Henderson has been talking sports in New Orleans, in his own way, for nearly 40-years now. Since he arrived on the scene in 1978, the sports landscape has changed, but how he eloquently spoke about it hasn't. Southern head coach Dawson Odums previews this weekend's game against Prairie View A&M Tuesday afternoon at his weekly press conference. Southern head coach Dawson Odums previews this weekend's game against Prairie View A&M Tuesday afternoon at his weekly press conference. Members of the UAB football team were in for a trick when they walked into the Football Operations Center on Halloween.  Members of the UAB football team were in for a trick when they walked into the Football Operations Center on Halloween.  Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn announced Tuesday morning that tailback Kamryn Pettway will miss an extended period of time after suffering a fractured scapula vs. Arkansas. Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn announced Tuesday morning that tailback Kamryn Pettway will miss an extended period of time after suffering a fractured scapula vs. Arkansas. During his time as Pelicans head coach, Alvin Gentry has never experienced having a winning record. During his time as Pelicans head coach, Alvin Gentry has never experienced having a winning record. Fresh off a temporary reprieve, Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott is returning to court today to fight a six-game suspension. Fresh off a temporary reprieve, Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott is returning to court today to fight a six-game suspension. You will need to plan on starting the coffee early when Arkansas visits Tiger Stadium on Saturday, Nov. 11. You will need to plan on starting the coffee early when Arkansas visits Tiger Stadium on Saturday, Nov. 11. Jose Altuve, Carlos Correa and the Houston Astros kept hammering away in a wild slugfest that no one saw coming, rallying against Clayton Kershaw and rocking the Los Angeles Dodgers 13-12 in 10 thrilling innings... Jose Altuve, Carlos Correa and the Houston Astros kept hammering away in a wild slugfest that no one saw coming, rallying against Clayton Kershaw and rocking the Los Angeles Dodgers 13-12 in 10 thrilling innings for a 3-2 lead in the World Series. A Bears player who was injured during The Saints game on Sunday underwent emergency surgery at a New Orleans hospital, according to a report by ESPN.   A Bears player who was injured during The Saints game on Sunday underwent emergency surgery at a New Orleans hospital, according to a report by ESPN.   LSU head coach Ed Orgeron previewed the upcoming battle against Alabama during his weekly Lunch with Coach O news conference Monday. LSU head coach Ed Orgeron previewed the upcoming battle against Alabama during his weekly Lunch with Coach O news conference Monday. Southern quarterback Austin Howard has been named the SWAC Offensive Player of the Week. Southern quarterback Austin Howard has been named the SWAC Offensive Player of the Week. A University of Alabama student who was in a coma has passed away after several weeks in the hospital. Allie Brodie was in a medically induced coma after a ball hit her in the head during a soccer game with friends this month. Allie's mom posted on Facebook today letting everyone know she passed away last night. She says Allie never came out of the coma and couldn't handle the complications from pneumonia. Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved. A University of Alabama student who was in a coma has passed away after several weeks in the hospital. Allie Brodie was in a medically induced coma after a ball hit her in the head during a soccer game with friends this month. Allie's mom posted on Facebook today letting everyone know she passed away last night. She says Allie never came out of the coma and couldn't handle the complications from pneumonia. Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved. LSU is ranked No. 19 and 20 in the latest AP Top 25 and Coaches Top 25 football polls. LSU is ranked No. 19 and 20 in the latest AP Top 25 and Coaches Top 25 football polls. New Orleans Saints and New Orleans Pelicans Owner Tom Benson was taken to the hospital for precautionary reasons Sunday afternoon. New Orleans Saints and New Orleans Pelicans Owner Tom Benson was taken to the hospital for precautionary reasons Sunday afternoon. The Los Angeles Dodgers and Houston Astros both stayed with the same batting orders for World Series Game 4 on Saturday night. The Los Angeles Dodgers and Houston Astros both stayed with the same batting orders for World Series Game 4 on Saturday night. The Saints survived two lost fumbles by Mark Ingram, to extend their win streak to five games, beating the Bears 20-12. The Saints survived two lost fumbles by Mark Ingram, to extend their win streak to five games, beating the Bears 20-12. The New Orleans Saints will honor music legend Fats Domino at Sunday’s game with a special helmet decal. The New Orleans Saints will honor music legend Fats Domino at Sunday’s game with a special helmet decal. Southern University’s former head baseball coach Roger Cador will leave his mark on the baseball program with the renaming of the baseball fieldhouse in his honor.  Southern University’s former head baseball coach Roger Cador will leave his mark on the baseball program with the renaming of the baseball fieldhouse in his honor.  It’s officially a winning streak. With the Pelicans' 123-101 victory over the Cavaliers, Saturday night, they’ve won back-to-back games, and if they continue to play like they did against Cleveland, it could be a lot more.  It’s officially a winning streak. With the Pelicans' 123-101 victory over the Cavaliers, Saturday night, they’ve won back-to-back games, and if they continue to play like they did against Cleveland, it could be a lot more.  Austin Howard threw for 245 yards and five touchdowns, Southern University converted an interception into a score, and the Jaguars held off the University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff 47-40 on Saturday. Austin Howard threw for 245 yards and five touchdowns, Southern University converted an interception into a score, and the Jaguars held off the University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff 47-40 on Saturday. A perfect fit in their own place, the Houston Astros are halfway home. A perfect fit in their own place, the Houston Astros are halfway home. The chairman and chief executive of the Houston Texans has apologized after a report said he declared "we can't have the inmates running the prison" during a meeting of NFL owners. The chairman and chief executive of the Houston Texans has apologized after a report said he declared "we can't have the inmates running the prison" during a meeting of NFL owners. A family from Spring, TX, tried to take in Game 3 of the World Series on Friday night, but were turned away at the gates because their tickets were fake. A family from Spring, TX, tried to take in Game 3 of the World Series on Friday night, but were turned away at the gates because their tickets were fake. Surgery is scheduled for a former LSU track star who is in desperate need of a kidney transplant. Surgery is scheduled for a former LSU track star who is in desperate need of a kidney transplant. Interviewing college football players can get a little rehearsed and mundane at times. Interviewing college football players can get a little rehearsed and mundane at times. One day after the LSU coaching staff offered quarterback James Foster II a scholarship, he announced his decommitment from the Missouri Tigers.  One day after the LSU coaching staff offered quarterback James Foster II a scholarship, he announced his decommitment from the Missouri Tigers.  Former LSU standout and current Major League Baseball All-Star DJ LeMahieu has been named a Gold Glove Award finalist. Former LSU standout and current Major League Baseball All-Star DJ LeMahieu has been named a Gold Glove Award finalist. The Houston Astros won a World Series game for the first time in their 56-season history. The Houston Astros won a World Series game for the first time in their 56-season history. Southern enters the weekend on a three game winning streak, beating Fort Valley State (31-14), Alabama A&M (35-14) and Jackson State (35-17). Southern enters the weekend on a three game winning streak, beating Fort Valley State (31-14), Alabama A&M (35-14) and Jackson State (35-17). The St. Amant Gators found themselves in another fight Friday night, only leading McKinley 14-7 at the half, but as it has many times before, David Oliver’s squad leaned heavily on running back Cade Nelson. The St. Amant Gators found themselves in another fight Friday night, only leading McKinley 14-7 at the half, but as it has many times before, David Oliver’s squad leaned heavily on running back Cade Nelson. The Pelicans will sign veteran forward Josh Smith to a non-guaranteed deal using an injury hardship exception.  The Pelicans will sign veteran forward Josh Smith to a non-guaranteed deal using an injury hardship exception.  The Saints are riding a four-game winning streak, and sit on top of the NFC South standings. The season started with doom-and-gloom after two straight losses, but now playoff talk is heating up after only six games. The Saints finished the last three seasons at 7-9, missing the playoffs every year. Saints quarterback Drew Brees fielded questions today about this team being the best since the 2011 and 2013 teams, both made the postseason. "I'm not going to label anything yet. We... The Saints are riding a four-game winning streak, and sit on top of the NFC South standings. The season started with doom-and-gloom after two straight losses, but now playoff talk is heating up after only six games. The Saints finished the last three seasons at 7-9, missing the playoffs every year. Saints quarterback Drew Brees fielded questions today about this team being the best since the 2011 and 2013 teams, both made the postseason. "I'm not going to label anything yet. We... An Alabama cheerleader is putting height into perspective when it comes to SEC athletes.  An Alabama cheerleader is putting height into perspective when it comes to SEC athletes.  No sweat, Clayton Kershaw. No sweat, Clayton Kershaw. LSU and Alabama are off this weekend preparing for their primetime kickoff on Saturday, Nov. 4 in Tuscaloosa. LSU and Alabama are off this weekend preparing for their primetime kickoff on Saturday, Nov. 4 in Tuscaloosa. Even with a 39-point outburst by Boogie Cousins, the Pelicans still couldn't pull off a road win in Portland, falling 103-93. Anthony Davis left the contest in the first half with a left knee injury, he never returned. Cousins 39 points was a game high, but no other Pelicans filled the void left by Davis. Jrue Holiday scored 14 points, and Jameer Nelson dropped in 10. They were the only Pels to score in double-figures. C.J. McCullom led the Blazers with 23 points. Damian Lillard ch... Even with a 39-point outburst by Boogie Cousins, the Pelicans still couldn't pull off a road win in Portland, falling 103-93. Anthony Davis left the contest in the first half with a left knee injury, he never returned. Cousins 39 points was a game high, but no other Pelicans filled the void left by Davis. Jrue Holiday scored 14 points, and Jameer Nelson dropped in 10. They were the only Pels to score in double-figures. C.J. McCullom led the Blazers with 23 points. Damian Lillard ch... The 41-year-old superstar golfer is scheduled to plead guilty at a court hearing to reckless driving, a less severe charge than driving under the influence. The 41-year-old superstar golfer is scheduled to plead guilty at a court hearing to reckless driving, a less severe charge than driving under the influence. LSU running back Derrius Guice has been named the Maxwell Award National Player of the Week after his record breaking performance against Ole Miss.  LSU running back Derrius Guice has been named the Maxwell Award National Player of the Week after his record breaking performance against Ole Miss.  Southern head coach Dawson Odums previewed this weekend's game against Arkansas Pine-Bluff Tuesday afternoon at his weekly press conference. Southern head coach Dawson Odums previewed this weekend's game against Arkansas Pine-Bluff Tuesday afternoon at his weekly press conference. The Saints offensive line will reportedly have to shuffle once again. According to Ian Rapaport, guard Larry Warford will be out 'several' weeks after suffering an abdominal injury.  The Saints offensive line will reportedly have to shuffle once again. According to Ian Rapaport, guard Larry Warford will be out 'several' weeks after suffering an abdominal injury.  Alabama Head Football Coach Nick Saban spoke to the Monday Morning Quarterback Club in Birmingham.  Alabama Head Football Coach Nick Saban spoke to the Monday Morning Quarterback Club in Birmingham.  LSU and Alabama will kickoff at 7 p.m. on Saturday, Nov. 4 in Tuscaloosa and if you can't make it there, you can watch the game on WAFB. LSU and Alabama will kickoff at 7 p.m. on Saturday, Nov. 4 in Tuscaloosa and if you can't make it there, you can watch the game on WAFB. LSU has sponsored some “Geaux Streauxs” themed billboards in Houston to honor two former Tigers now playing for the Astros in the World Series, officials reported. LSU has sponsored some “Geaux Streauxs” themed billboards in Houston to honor two former Tigers now playing for the Astros in the World Series, officials reported. LSU kicker Connor Culp has been named this week's SEC Special Teams Player of the Week. LSU kicker Connor Culp has been named this week's SEC Special Teams Player of the Week. After an impressive 40-24 win over Ole Miss, LSU is ranked No. 23 in both the AP Top 25 and the Coaches Top 25 Poll. After an impressive 40-24 win over Ole Miss, LSU is ranked No. 23 in both the AP Top 25 and the Coaches Top 25 Poll. LSU running back Derrius Guice has been named the SEC Offensive Player of the Week after rushing for 276 yards against Ole Miss.  LSU running back Derrius Guice has been named the SEC Offensive Player of the Week after rushing for 276 yards against Ole Miss.  There was a time not long ago where my next sentence would have been a pretty standard thing to write. There was a time not long ago where my next sentence would have been a pretty standard thing to write. No. 24 LSU returns to the road for an evening matchup with Ole Miss on Saturday. Kickoff at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, MS is scheduled for 6:15 p.m. No. 24 LSU returns to the road for an evening matchup with Ole Miss on Saturday. Kickoff at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, MS is scheduled for 6:15 p.m. Hear what running back Derrius Guice had to say after the Tigers defeat Ole Miss, 40-24, in Oxford, Miss. Hear what running back Derrius Guice had to say after the Tigers defeat Ole Miss, 40-24, in Oxford, Miss. Hear what quarterback Danny Etling had to say after the Tigers defeated Ole Miss, 40-24, in Oxford, Miss. on Oct. 21, 2017. Hear what quarterback Danny Etling had to say after the Tigers defeated Ole Miss, 40-24, in Oxford, Miss. on Oct. 21, 2017. Lightning delayed kickoff for Southern vs. Jackson State on Saturday, but once the game did finally start, the Jaguars dominated most of it in a 35-17 win. Lightning delayed kickoff for Southern vs. Jackson State on Saturday, but once the game did finally start, the Jaguars dominated most of it in a 35-17 win. The Houston Astros, fresh off a Game 7 victory over the Yankees, take on the Los Angeles Dodgers in what figures to be a hot World Series featuring big-time aces Clayton Kershaw and Justin Verlander plus playoff... The Houston Astros, fresh off a Game 7 victory over the Yankees, take on the Los Angeles Dodgers in what figures to be a hot World Series featuring big-time aces Clayton Kershaw and Justin Verlander plus playoff boppers Jose Altuve and Justin Turner. The Lakers erased a 21-point deficit in the second half, but the Pelicans (1-2) recovered in the fourth quarter with a 13-2 run to beat Los Angeles 119-112. The Lakers erased a 21-point deficit in the second half, but the Pelicans (1-2) recovered in the fourth quarter with a 13-2 run to beat Los Angeles 119-112. Brees threw a touchdown pass, ran for another, finishing with 331 yards passing in a 26-17 Saints victory. Brees threw a touchdown pass, ran for another, finishing with 331 yards passing in a 26-17 Saints victory. Charlie Morton and Lance McCullers combined for a three-hitter, Jose Altuve and Evan Gattis homered and the Houston Astros reached the World Series, blanking the New York Yankees 4-0 in Game 7 of the AL... Charlie Morton and Lance McCullers combined for a three-hitter, Jose Altuve and Evan Gattis homered and the Houston Astros reached the World Series, blanking the New York Yankees 4-0 in Game 7 of the AL Championship Series. The Saints win streak rolls on to four games, beating the Packers on the road, 26-17.  Drew Brees threw for 331 yards in the contest, with one touchdown pass. Brees also scored on a 1-yard touchdown run, giving the Saints a 26-17 advantage. Brees connected with Brandon Coleman on a 22-yard touchdown reception. The Saints two-headed monster of Alvin Kamara and Mark Ingram combined for 218 all-purpose yards. Ingram rushed for 106 yards, including a 12-yard touchdown run... The Saints win streak rolls on to four games, beating the Packers on the road, 26-17.  Drew Brees threw for 331 yards in the contest, with one touchdown pass. Brees also scored on a 1-yard touchdown run, giving the Saints a 26-17 advantage. Brees connected with Brandon Coleman on a 22-yard touchdown reception. The Saints two-headed monster of Alvin Kamara and Mark Ingram combined for 218 all-purpose yards. Ingram rushed for 106 yards, including a 12-yard touchdown run... Hear what LSU Coach Ed Orgeron had to say after the Tigers defeated Auburn, 27-23, in Tiger Stadium on Oct. 14, 2017. Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved. Hear what LSU Coach Ed Orgeron had to say after the Tigers defeated Auburn, 27-23, in Tiger Stadium on Oct. 14, 2017. Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved. LSU is looking for its third straight SEC win Saturday against the Ole Miss Rebels. LSU is looking for its third straight SEC win Saturday against the Ole Miss Rebels. After a week off to rest and heal, the Jaguars (3-3, 1-1)  now embark on a five week SWAC schedule that includes Grambling State and Prairie View. After a week off to rest and heal, the Jaguars (3-3, 1-1)  now embark on a five week SWAC schedule that includes Grambling State and Prairie View. The Pelicans raced out to a 39-26 lead after the first quarter, but it all went downhill from there. The defending champs responded in quarters 2-4, leaving New Orleans with a 128-120 victory. For the second game in a row, Anthony Davis and Boogie Cousins put up massive stat lines. Davis and Cousins combined for 70 points, each putting up 35. Klay Thompson had 33 points for the Warriors, while Steph Curry dropped 28, and Kevin Durant 22.  Copyright 2017 WVUE. All rig... The Pelicans raced out to a 39-26 lead after the first quarter, but it all went downhill from there. The defending champs responded in quarters 2-4, leaving New Orleans with a 128-120 victory. For the second game in a row, Anthony Davis and Boogie Cousins put up massive stat lines. Davis and Cousins combined for 70 points, each putting up 35. Klay Thompson had 33 points for the Warriors, while Steph Curry dropped 28, and Kevin Durant 22.  Copyright 2017 WVUE. All rig... LSU's basketball team continues to improve with the addition of 4-star forward, Darius Days. LSU's basketball team continues to improve with the addition of 4-star forward, Darius Days. Heading to Oxford, MS for the game between LSU and Ole Miss? If so, here are some times of interest leading up to kickoff in Vaught-Hemingway Stadium. Heading to Oxford, MS for the game between LSU and Ole Miss? If so, here are some times of interest leading up to kickoff in Vaught-Hemingway Stadium. There may be no more appropriate time and place for the resurgent Saints to heed Sean Payton's favorite phrase about the danger of over-confidence: "Don't eat the cheese."  There may be no more appropriate time and place for the resurgent Saints to heed Sean Payton's favorite phrase about the danger of over-confidence: "Don't eat the cheese."  The Dodgers will host the New York Yankees or Houston Astros in Game 1 of the World Series on Tuesday night. The Dodgers will host the New York Yankees or Houston Astros in Game 1 of the World Series on Tuesday night. LSU is finishing up preparations for an important SEC battle against the Ole Miss Rebels.  LSU is finishing up preparations for an important SEC battle against the Ole Miss Rebels.  With a 27-23 comeback victory against  Auburn, LSU is right back in the SEC West race. With a 27-23 comeback victory against  Auburn, LSU is right back in the SEC West race. Southern travels to Jackson, MS this weekend in search of their third straight win. Southern travels to Jackson, MS this weekend in search of their third straight win. For the second consecutive week, Zachary QB Keilon Brown’s performance was good enough to be awarded as a player of the week. On the other end of the coverage area, Dutchtown was led by DB Van'Shon Grayson in a 24-17 upset victory over rival St. Amant. For the second consecutive week, Zachary QB Keilon Brown’s performance was good enough to be awarded as a player of the week. On the other end of the coverage area, Dutchtown was led by DB Van'Shon Grayson in a 24-17 upset victory over rival St. Amant. When a star quarterback goes down with an injury like Aaron Rodgers did Sunday against Minnesota, other star quarterbacks take notice. "That's a really unfortunate injury. The guy was playing phenomenal, and that's really tough," said Saints quarterback Drew Brees. But the show must go on, and the Packers will now turn to Brett Hundley. He's not Rodgers, but that doesn't mean he can't be effective. "You understand that Brett Hundley has been behind Aaron for the last... When a star quarterback goes down with an injury like Aaron Rodgers did Sunday against Minnesota, other star quarterbacks take notice. "That's a really unfortunate injury. The guy was playing phenomenal, and that's really tough," said Saints quarterback Drew Brees. But the show must go on, and the Packers will now turn to Brett Hundley. He's not Rodgers, but that doesn't mean he can't be effective. "You understand that Brett Hundley has been behind Aaron for the last... Copyright WAFB 2017. All rights reserved. Copyright WAFB 2017. All rights reserved. Many Bengals fans consider the Pittsburgh Steelers to be their greatest rival.  Many Bengals fans consider the Pittsburgh Steelers to be their greatest rival.  DeMarcus Cousins is in the last year of his contract, and Anthony Davis, well he's on a longer deal. But the pressure is on the All-Stars, and the team to end their losing ways, so Boogie can stay a little longer in NOLA. "Obviously both of them want to have good years. DeMarcus wants to play well enough to get us into the playoffs. That's the goal. That's obviously the goal for the team, and the franchise moving forward, and all of that stuff. We got to get everyone healthy. I ... DeMarcus Cousins is in the last year of his contract, and Anthony Davis, well he's on a longer deal. But the pressure is on the All-Stars, and the team to end their losing ways, so Boogie can stay a little longer in NOLA. "Obviously both of them want to have good years. DeMarcus wants to play well enough to get us into the playoffs. That's the goal. That's obviously the goal for the team, and the franchise moving forward, and all of that stuff. We got to get everyone healthy. I ... Friday night means football. Join the 9Sports Team as they tackle their 28th season of Sportsline Friday Nite. Friday night means football. Join the 9Sports Team as they tackle their 28th season of Sportsline Friday Nite. Archive of past slideshows built from sports images. Click here for videos for all your sports needs.  Click here for videos for all your sports needs.  The LSU Tigers arrive in Tuscaloosa on Friday with one mission in mind, "Beat Bama".  The LSU Tigers arrive in Tuscaloosa on Friday with one mission in mind, "Beat Bama".  One young football player made an unforgettable touchdown Thursday night. One young football player made an unforgettable touchdown Thursday night. LSU head coach Ed Orgeron will be meeting with the media after Thursday's practice. LSU head coach Ed Orgeron will be meeting with the media after Thursday's practice. No. 19 LSU travels to Tuscaloosa to face No. 2 Alabama in a huge SEC matchup. Here are some times of interest leading up to Saturday night's kickoff on WAFB.  No. 19 LSU travels to Tuscaloosa to face No. 2 Alabama in a huge SEC matchup. Here are some times of interest leading up to Saturday night's kickoff on WAFB.