College & Professional Sports News, Scores & Photos | Sacbee.com & The Sacramento Bee
Sacramento Kings rookies De’Aaron Fox, Bogdan Bogdanovic, Justin Jackson and Frank Mason III have played this season. Here’s how they compare statistically to other first-year players.
Cody Garbrandt and T.J. Dillashaw once trained together at Urijah Faber’s Ultimate Fitness Gym in Sacramento. They fight for the bantamweight title at UFC 217 on Saturday.
Who are The Sacramento Bee’s All-Metro Football Player of the Year candidates, and how do we come up with winners?
After nine games of warm weather, rain is part of the game plan for Week 10 action, including championship games in three leagues.
Capital Christian lineman Will Buck had five sacks in a 56-14 victory at Natomas to secure at least a share of the Golden Empire League championship
San Francisco 49ers wide receiver Pierre Garcon will spend the rest of the season on injured reserve after breaking a bone in his neck.
Veteran defensive lineman Leger Douzable already is in second place on the 49ers when it comes to sacks. He’s played just two games.
NFL observers wonder why the New England Patriots didn’t deal Jimmy Garoppolo to Cleveland. Maybe the answer is straightforward.
The tax reform bill introduced by House Republicans on Wednesday does away with tax perks for college athletic departments and the funding of professional sports stadiums.
John Schnatter, founder and CEO of the Papa John’s pizza chain, reportedly took a $70 million hit to his net worth in one day.
Pizza Hut and DiGiorno speak out after Papa John’s NFL comments.
Truckee was named the “coolest ski town in North America” for 2018 by Matador Network, a social network for travelers.
Northern California-based trainer Jerry Hollendorfer will saddle Battle of Midway and Unique Bella for the Breeders’ Cup at Del Mar on November 3 and 4.
Twin brothers Donte and Dominic Morris, the local creators of the HoopMaps app, will appear on the Sunday telecast of ABC TV’s “Shark Tank” show.
Podcast Majority Minority launches Season 2 with John Lewis on the next generation of civil right activism.
The ski and snowboard industry is healthy _ at least for now.
Golden State Warriors superstar Stephen Curry doesn't know how he became the only person singled out by House Republicans about their tax bill.
High school sports scores from around the region. Area high school and community college coaches or scorekeepers are encouraged to report results immediately after games. Call 916-441-4100 or email preps@sacbee.com. Calls will be accepted everyday until 10 p.m.
Denver Broncos star receiver Demaryius Thomas is closing in on a full year since scoring his last touchdown.
The latest Sports news. Delivered to your inbox.