Sports News - Baltimore Sun
The Maryland Terrapins basketball team doubled up on Randolph Macon in its victory Thursday night in an exhibition game in College Park. Sophomore point guard Anthony Cowan led the way with 17 points, while freshman guard Darryl Morsell (Mount Saint Joseph) scored 14 in the 88-44 victory. Here... Seven Orioles players officially became free agents Thursday, the day after the official end of the 2017 season.
Designated hitter Pedro Álvarez, utility man Ryan Flaherty, outfielder Craig Gentry, right-hander Jeremy Hellickson, right-hander Ubaldo Jiménez, outfielder Seth Smith and right-hander... Ravens wide receiver Mike Wallace fought vigorously to return to the field Oct. 22 after a high hit from Minnesota Vikings safety Andrew Sendejo knocked him out of the game and into concussion protocol. He pleaded with head coach John Harbaugh and members of the Ravens’ medical staff, and he searched... The Maryland women’s basketball team was voted the No. 15 team in the preseason Associated Press Top 25 poll, released Thursday.
The Terps never were ranked lower than No. 6 and rose as high as No. 2 last season, but will defend their streak of Big Ten Conference championships without graduated... The River Hill girls cross country team followed its county championship last week with a region title Thursday at Oak Ridge Park.
In its first season in 2A South, the team finished with 34 points to handily beat runner-up Calvert (50 points) and third-place Glenelg (79 points). Thursday marks... We interrupt this fun-and-games column to bring you something from the real world: Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf this week signed legislation to legalize online sports betting.
Now some of you are probably thinking: Wait, it’s currently illegal?
Indeed, Pennsylvania would join Nevada, New Jersey and... On the way home from Columbus, Trace McSorley’s phone pinged with texts, some from former Penn State football players. One came from Lee Rubin, the former Penn State safety, now a motivational speaker, who texted several team captains.
The lettermen’s message: “Keep your heads up, keep grinding,... Navy football was a hot mess during the 2000 and 2001 seasons. The Midshipmen were a mistake waiting to happen during that dismal period when they compiled a 1-20 record under head coach Charlie Weatherbie.
Things were so bad that it was almost guaranteed that at least once during every post-game... Need some help deciding which college football games to watch? Look no further. Times contributor Chuck Schilken handicaps what’s worth watching, and skipping, on the weekend’s menu of games:
::
FRIDAY
UCLA (4-4) at Utah (4-4), 6:30 p.m., FS1
If Josh Rosen isn’t UCLA’s starting quarterback, there’s... When Joon H. Kim unveiled the bribery and corruption case that has shaken college basketball during a news conference in September, the first question had nothing to do with the undercover FBI agents, wiretaps, hidden cameras or cash-filled envelopes.
“Who is the victim in this?” an unidentified... Before the Villanova men’s basketball team’s secret scrimmage Saturday, coach Jay Wright went back and looked at last year’s tape.
The matchup was against Pittsburgh, just like Saturday’s. Phil Booth was healthy then, just as he is now. He looked ready to contribute in ways he hadn’t before, just... Jamion Christian attended Baltimore Basketball Media Day two weeks ago at Towson University;s SECU Arena, and the Mount St. Mary’s coach fielded a question about his team’s chances for an “encore” performance. Towson has released its schedule for the 2018 season. Here is a breakdown of what that awaits the Tigers, who went 12-5 last year, swept the Colonial Athletic Association regular-season and tournament championships for the second consecutive season and advanced to its first NCAA tournament semifinal... Johns Hopkins has released its men’s lacrosse schedule for the 2018 season. Here is a breakdown of the slate that awaits the Blue Jays, who went 8-7 for the second consecutive year and lost as the No. 6 seed to unseeded Duke, 19-6, in the first round of the NCAA tournament.
10: Scheduled to start... Navy has released its men’s lacrosse schedule for the 2018 season. Here is a breakdown of the slate that awaits the Midshipmen, who went 6-8 last year and were upset by Holy Cross, 11-7, in the quarterfinals of the Patriot League tournament.
10: Navy will visit 10-time NCAA champion Syracuse on... In the wake of a terrorist attack that left eight people dead in Lower Manhattan, officials have vowed the New York City Marathon will be run as planned this weekend.
"The marathon will go on because New York goes on,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a Wednesday morning news conference. “And it's an... It has been called horse racing’s Super Bowl, and after years of anticipation, the 34th Breeders’ Cup will be contested Friday and Saturday at Del Mar.
In 1937, Bing Crosby and associates couldn’t have imagined that when they founded the track amid the scrubby hills of Del Mar, it would play host... The Breeders' Cup is finally here with four races Friday and nine more on Saturday. The Del Mar main track has played to speed through two days of the current meeting, so keep that in mind. Of course, that can change overnight, but cooler weather usually means a tighter, faster track. The turf... To jockey Victor Espinoza, John Sadler is the big boss with the big smile — a trainer’s trainer who limits horse numbers in the barn to ensure he’s able to connect with them on a daily basis.
And behind that smile, the needling nickname.
“He always says, ‘Here comes Romeo,’ ” Espinoza said.
As... The U.S. Olympic team could win 29 total medals — fourth-best among all nations — at the 2018 Winter Games, a prediction released Wednesday said.
Germany, Norway and Canada should be the biggest winners in Pyeongchang, South Korea, according to Gracenote Sports’ Virtual Medal Table.
The forecast... The first shot of Lindsey Vonn shows a long scar running down her arm.
The skier says that’s what she likes about the video that Under Armour recently released as part of its “Unlike Any” women’s marketing campaign.
“It accentuates not just my strengths, but also my weaknesses and my story and... Rainy weather intruded on the traditional lighting of the Olympic torch in southern Greece on Tuesday.
It didn’t really matter — officials had a back-up plan.
Amid the inclement conditions, the flame was ignited and began its 5,300-mile trek eastward to South Korea, where the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter... Lionel Messi, who has a full head of hair, is a man of his word. On Thursday, after Spain's Supreme Court verified a lower court's judgment that a Madrid-based newspaper libeled him in 2014 when an opinion columnist alleged Messi wore a toupee and took performance-enhancing drugs, the 30-year-old... The Howard Community College men’s soccer team beat Northern Virginia Community College, 2-1, on Sunday to win the NJCAA Region XX Championship at Anne Arundel Community College.
The Dragons, who have 13 players who played for a Howard County public school, improved to 13-5-1 and will play in the... Dave Sarachan, Bruce Arena’s top assistant with the Galaxy and in two stints with the national team, was named Tuesday to succeed Arena as interim coach for the U.S. ahead of next month’s friendly in Portugal.
Arena stepped down earlier this month after the U.S. failed to advance to next summer’s... With another burst of warmer weather approaching, golf courses in the Northeast are hoping for an uptick in tee times. And thanks to a joint decision of several regional golf associations, some of those late-season golfers can make their scores count.
Four regional golf associations, including the... Jack Nicklaus has won more majors, but Tiger Woods is the PGA Tour’s all-time tease.
Woods will attempt to make another professional comeback Nov. 30 at the event he hosts, the Hero World Challenge. He will join Dustin Johnson, Jordan Spieth and Jason Day in the 18-player field in the Bahamas. ... Justin Rose took advantage of a record-tying collapse by Dustin Johnson and rallied from eight shots behind to win the HSBC Champions in Shanghai.
Johnson, the world's No. 1 player going for his third World Golf Championships title of the year, lost a six-shot lead Sunday. That matched the PGA... Seven Brigade players were named to the Arena Football League All-Arena team. Defensive lineman Khreem Smith was named to the first team, while center Kody Afusia, kicker Pat Clarke, defensive lineman Robert Hayes, defensive back Varmah Sonie, kick returner Brandon Thompkins and defensive back...