NFL Football Teams, Scores, Stats, News, Standings, Rumors - National Football League - ESPN
Will Ezekiel Elliott likely play the rest of the year? When will we know for sure? Could he not be suspended at all? How many injunctions are too many? Dan Graziano has answers. Dan Graziano details how Ezekiel Elliott was able to hold off his suspension. Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott has run for at least 116 yards in each of the past three games. They offer players a putrid punch in the nose but likely little actual performance boost. So how exactly did smelling salts become an essential part of NFL game days? Molly Qerim weighs in on the NFL's policy of drugs like marijuana that are banned vs. painkillers that are readily allowed. Week 9 in the NFL sees some intriguing matchups that are affected by quarterback injuries, including a Colts-Texans game without Deshaun Watson. Crucial matchups headline Week 9 of the season, with the potential to determine which teams are on the fast track to the playoffs. We gathered a panel of NFL execs to break down the five biggest games in Week 9. Is the rookie quarterback's future murkier? Are the Texans toast? Are injuries up in the NFL? That's just a start. Bill Barnwell has answers. Stephen A. Smith says that Deshaun Watson's injury is devastating for both the Texans and football fans, as the rookie QB made Houston an exciting team. With the offense losing its Deshaun Watson scoring punch, the Texans' defense knows it has to pick up its play to stay in the playoff race. Has Rob Gronkowski cracked the 99 club? Here are the players who have seen their ratings swell or take big hits since the start of the season. They weren't among the top five QBs drafted in 2012, but six years later the starters for Washington and Seattle are the top two still standing. Steelers minority owner Thomas Tull sold his film studio and bought Rivendale Farms, which ships chocolate milk, eggs and vegetables to the team. Whether it's behind veiled words, a helmet, or get this -- a secret door in his locker -- the Steelers QB isn't giving many hints about his uncertain future. Darron Lee and Jordan Jenkins set the tone in the Jets' win on Thursday, combining for three of the team's seven sacks against Bills QB Tyrod Taylor. Jets coach Todd Bowles spoke to reporters this morning, only nine hours after his post-game presser. As you could imagine, he was quite pleased with his team's performance. "As a whole, we're getting better," he said. "I still think we still have another gear to get to, but we played complementary football last night the most we've played all year." In a season that started with expectations as low as 0-16, Bowles has coached his team to a 4-5 first-half record. And it all starts with a bare-knuckle approach. Josh McCown steps back and lobs a 25-yard throw to Robby Anderson who scores with ease, extending the Jets lead to 17-7 over the Bills. Zay Jones grabs a 10-yard touchdown from Tyrod Taylor and celebrates by using the force with lightsabers and telekinesis power on a teammate. Josh McCown runs to the left side and dives for a 10-yard touchdown, putting the Jets up 7-0 in the first quarter over the Bills. Nick O'Leary makes a 23-yard catch and falls to the ground untouched, but gets back up and fumbles the ball after the Jets knock it away in the third quarter. With Brian Hoyer having played with six organizations since he left New England, Tom Brady has enjoyed picking his brain about his travels. Tony Romo has earned high marks in his first season as a broadcaster. His former teammates say his personality and football smarts make him a natural. Time is running out for the Bucs, who need to wrap up their soul-searching and find a way to beat the Saints if they hope to save their season. Rob Nelson identifies betting nuggets to know for this week's NFL action. Where does the betting value lie in Week 9 of the 2017 NFL season? Phil Steele, Warren Sharp, Erin Rynning and Mike Clay provide comprehensive against-the-spread and over/under advice in one handy file. The Colts' preseason over/under was eight wins, a high bar to clear for a team that turned out to be awful. The Eagles' total was 8.5 wins, a number they look certain to hit with weeks to spare. Here's how every NFL team is trending toward its number. Could Emmanuel Sanders make his return this week? What about Sterling Shepard? NFL Nation reporters assess the biggest injuries across the league. What should you expect from Jay Ajayi in Philadelphia? NFL Nation reporters weigh in on burning fantasy questions this week (and beyond). Berry gives his fantasy advice for your Week 9 lineups, and reveals the player he plans to honor on National Jersey Friday. Matchups are a driving force behind weekly lineup decisions in fantasy football. Here are this week's most and least favorable matchups. Field Yates says he doesn't like A.J. Green against Jacksonville or Pierre Garcon's matchup against Patrick Peterson and the Cardinals. If you are looking to add Josh Gordon to your fantasy team, it won't happen until Week 13, just one week before fantasy playoffs begin. Daniel Dopp and Field Yates look deep into NFL lineups for some possible breakout players like Marlon Mack, Damien Williams and Rod Smith. Field Yates and Daniel Dopp take a look at some deep cuts for your fantasy lineup, including Robby Anderson and Cooper Kupp. Kevin Byard's breakout game against Cleveland seemingly came out of nowhere, but the Titans were not surprised by the versatile safety's performance. He's a Rorschach test for how we think about quarterbacks in 2017. Advanced stats say Tyrod Taylor might be special. Plenty of skeptics say otherwise. Watson made everyone look better, including a suspect offensive line, and that's not something the Texans can count on with Tom Savage. Without their star rookie, the Texans will not be the same. What remains to be seen is whether they can be good enough to scrape ahead of the Jags and Titans. Houston's trade up for Deshaun Watson in the draft? Clear winner. Other deals aren't so clear. We're running through the moves. A recap of the busy NFL trade deadline, including the surprising trade of Jimmy Garoppolo to the 49ers. The Patriots legend thinks he can play until he's 45 without sacrificing body, mind or integrity. But his future is not just in his hands. Quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo has been dealt to 0-8 San Francisco, sending huge reverberations for a number of players and teams across the league. Wentz has taken the NFL by storm in his second year, carrying the Eagles to a league-best seven wins while the team that didn't think he'd ever be a top-20 QB is still winless. A Heisman Trophy and the top pick in the 2018 NFL draft? Both are possible for Penn State's Saquon Barkley. Mel Kiper's ranking of the top 25 prospects for next year's draft includes some big movers and new faces. Cathy Lanier was 15 years old when she had her son -- then everything revolved around providing for her family. She joined the Washington, D.C., police department, climbed to its highest role and now oversees security in the NFL. We use cookies to offer an improved online experience. By clicking "OK" without changing your settings you are giving your consent to receive cookies.