Sports News, Breaking Sports News and More: Marin Independent Journal
Today's high Today's low 14 hrs ago 59 mins ago 1 day ago 1 day ago 1 day ago 1 day ago 1 day ago 1 day ago 1 day ago 2 days ago For some teams, this week’s regular-season finale is a final opportunity for fine-tuning. For others, it provides the chance to either ensure a spot in the postseason or impress the North Coast Section seeding committee for the final time.
17 hrs ago The second-seeded Drake High boys water polo team rolled to a 14-4 victory over No. 15 California (11-15) of San Ramon in the first round of the North Coast Section Division I playoffs on Wednesday in San Anselmo. Lars Matthys, Brendan Corr and ... 14 hrs ago SAN JOSE STATE VS. SAN DIEGO STATE RECORDS: San Jose State 1-8, 0-4 in the Mountain West. San Diego State 7-2, 3-2. KICKOFF: 7:30 p.m. Saturday at CEFCU Stadium, San Jose. TV: ESPNU. RADIO: KLIV 1590. SERIES HISTORY: The all-time series is in a stalemate at 19-19-2. The Aztecs have dominated the Spartans of late, winning the last four meetings, including […] Attorney Terry Leoni blasts the private all-boys school for its handling of her client's case and others; school's president says it is taking the issue seriously. The Pac-12 Networks have their flaws, but they also do some things well. Atop the list are the three football studio shows, which provide first-rate insight and commentary from well-informed analysts. Too bad there isn't a fourth show ... or a fifth. Whether it’s the division title or postseason eligibility, three teams are staring at unofficial elimination this weekend. How we’re defining unofficial: A reasonable series of results would no longer be available. Arizona State (4-4/3-2): Lose to Colorado, and the Sun Devils’ narrow path to the South title will slam shut. They trail USC and Arizona […] No. 18 STANFORD CARDINAL at No. 25 WASHINGTON STATE COUGARS 2017 RECORDS: Stanford 6-2 (5-1 Pac-12). Washington State 7-2 (4-2) KICKOFF: Saturday, 12:30 p.m. at Martin Stadium TV: Fox RADIO: KNBR 1050 SERIES HISTORY: 68th meeting (Stanford leads 40-26-1) STORYLINES: There’s a new sheriff in town, or at least in Pullman this weekend, as Stanford made a switch at quarterback (read more) […] Fastest times in every event aided by contributions from talented freshman class K.J. Costello will replace Keller Chryst for showdown against No. 25 Washington State. Warriors coach Steve Kerr found a loophole in Popovich's policy in playing for players' restaurant bills. Warriors guard Klay Thompson said he wants to average at least 50 percent shooting this season. Jimmy Garoppolo's arrival gives the 49ers reason for hope after an 0-8 start as they enter the season's second half Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals at Levi's Stadium.