SPORTS - WKOW 27: Madison, WI Breaking News, Weather and Sports
Houston is gearing up to pay tribute to the Astros and their World Series triumph over the Los Angeles Dodgers. The Oregon boys soccer team survived a thriller against Waukesha West in the WIAA Division 2 semifinals. After playing to a 2-2 draw through two overtimes, the Panthers advanced with a 4-3 shootout victory. Zach Pasley notched both goals for Oregon.  George Springer and the Houston Astros rocketed to the top of the baseball galaxy Wednesday night, winning the first World Series championship in franchise history by romping past the Los Angeles Dodgers 5-1 in Game 7.     The Badgers men's basketball team made a favorable first impression. Wisconsin topped Northern Iowa 69-38 in an exhibition.  The Waterloo girls volleyball team accomplished a rare feat by winning back-to-back Division 3 State Championships in 2014 and 2015. The Pirates are now on a mission to prove they can maintain that level of success.  Kemba Walker had 26 points, rookie Malik Monk had a huge fourth quarter and the Charlotte Hornets put the clamps on the NBA's leading scorer to beat the Milwaukee Bucks 126-121 on Wednesday night.     Paul George scored 20 points, and the Oklahoma City Thunder dominated the paint during a 16-0 run to take control early in a 110-91 win over the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday night.    Despite being one of five remaining undefeated teams still standing in college football, Wisconsin received a No. 9 rank in the first College Football Playoff ranking released Tuesday night.  The Madison West boys soccer program has a proud tradition. The Regents have won three state championships and have made it to state 14 times. Still, the 15th state berth came as a bit of a surprise to those outside the program. With four weeks left in the 2017 volleyball regular season, Dana Rettke has already set the Big Ten Conference record for Freshman of the Week honors. The Wisconsin Badgers’ 6-8 middle blocker earned her seventh weekly award on Monday, breaking the old mark of six set by Samantha Seliger-Swenson of Minnesota in 2015. Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 33 points, Khris Middleton had 27 and the Milwaukee Bucks cruised to a 117-106 victory over the outmanned Atlanta Hawks on Sunday. Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 33 points, Khris Middleton had 27 and the Milwaukee Bucks cruised to a 117-106 victory over the outmanned Atlanta Hawks on Sunday. After a 24-10 win at Illinois on Saturday, the 8-0 Wisconsin football team is now No. 4 in the weekly Associated Press top 25 poll released on Sunday. The Badgers travel to Indiana on Saturday for an 11 a.m. kickoff on WKOW-TV. After a 24-10 win at Illinois on Saturday, the 8-0 Wisconsin football team is now No. 4 in the weekly Associated Press top 25 poll released on Sunday. The Badgers travel to Indiana on Saturday for an 11 a.m. kickoff on WKOW-TV. Level-2 of the WIAA post season is in the books, Madison area teams that picked up a win this week advance, those that lost, had their seasons come to a close. Level-2 of the WIAA post season is in the books, Madison area teams that picked up a win this week advance, those that lost, had their seasons come to a close. The ninth-ranked Badgers volleyball team didn't have enough to upset No. 1 Penn State at home. The Nittany Lions won 25-19, 25-22, 23-25, 25-16.  The ninth-ranked Badgers volleyball team didn't have enough to upset No. 1 Penn State at home. The Nittany Lions won 25-19, 25-22, 23-25, 25-16.  Lance became the WKOW Sports Director in July 2013. Lance became the WKOW Sports Director in July 2013. Alec joined the WKOW as a Sports Reporter in July 2016 Alec joined the WKOW as a Sports Reporter in July 2016 Amy Gill, WKOW TV sports Amy Gill, WKOW TV sports Lance Veeser, Amy Gill and Alec Ausmus preview Saturday's Wisconsin game against Maryland and Sunday's match-up between the Packers and Saints. Lance Veeser, Amy Gill and Alec Ausmus preview Saturday's Wisconsin game against Maryland and Sunday's match-up between the Packers and Saints. Packers Hall of Famer Jerry Kramer made a special appearance in Madison. The Packers and Exact Sciences have teamed up to raise colon cancer awareness throughout the football season. Kramer came to speak to a Exact Sciences employees about how the disease played a pivotal role in his personal and professional life when Packers coach Vince Lombardi was diagnosed with colon cancer.  Packers Hall of Famer Jerry Kramer made a special appearance in Madison. The Packers and Exact Sciences have teamed up to raise colon cancer awareness throughout the football season. Kramer came to speak to a Exact Sciences employees about how the disease played a pivotal role in his personal and professional life when Packers coach Vince Lombardi was diagnosed with colon cancer.  On that rare occasion the national anthem is played in golf, U.S. captain Steve Stricker says his team will stand together at the Presidents Cup.    Stricker says the players talked about what to do on a bus ride into New York on Tuesday for some television appearances. He says they all agreed to handle it the way they always have by standing at attention with their hands over their hearts.    On that rare occasion the national anthem is played in golf, U.S. captain Steve Stricker says his team will stand together at the Presidents Cup.    Stricker says the players talked about what to do on a bus ride into New York on Tuesday for some television appearances. He says they all agreed to handle it the way they always have by standing at attention with their hands over their hearts.    Jordan Spieth finished off a windy and wet second round of the British Open with a 1-under 69 to take the lead.     Jordan Spieth finished off a windy and wet second round of the British Open with a 1-under 69 to take the lead.     Matt Kuchar matched the best front-nine score ever at Royal Birkdale. And even following that with nothing but pars on the back nine, the American still shot his best score in a major.    Kuchar saved par from behind the 18th green and shot 5-under 65 to share the lead with Jordan Spieth and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka in the opening round of the British Open.  Matt Kuchar matched the best front-nine score ever at Royal Birkdale. And even following that with nothing but pars on the back nine, the American still shot his best score in a major.    Kuchar saved par from behind the 18th green and shot 5-under 65 to share the lead with Jordan Spieth and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka in the opening round of the British Open.  The elderly golf fan who died while attending the U.S. Open in Wisconsin had lost his wife of 68 years earlier in the week.    Ninety-four-year-old Marshall "Chick" Jacobs died Friday in the arms of his son, Bill, after becoming unresponsive at the 6th green. Just three days earlier, Lucille Jacobs, died after experiencing complications from a broken hip.    The elderly golf fan who died while attending the U.S. Open in Wisconsin had lost his wife of 68 years earlier in the week.    Ninety-four-year-old Marshall "Chick" Jacobs died Friday in the arms of his son, Bill, after becoming unresponsive at the 6th green. Just three days earlier, Lucille Jacobs, died after experiencing complications from a broken hip.    For Steve Stricker, family is never far on the course. The Edgerton native's wife serves as his caddy. Also this week, his daughter has been able to follow him from shot to shot. She has certainly not been alone. For Steve Stricker, family is never far on the course. The Edgerton native's wife serves as his caddy. Also this week, his daughter has been able to follow him from shot to shot. She has certainly not been alone.