Sports | DW
Barely three months into his reign as Borussia Dortmund coach, Peter Bosz is feeling the heat. His misfiring side are all but out of the Champions League and now face reborn league leaders Bayern Munich.
The president of the German football association has criticized changes to the implementation of the VAR-rules used in the Bundesliga. Many have expressed frustration over the use of video assistants in the league.
It's not only BVB fans in Germany who are looking forward to Saturday's clash with Bayern Munich. Thousands of kilometers away In Indonesia, Borussia Dortmund games are just as eagerly anticipated.
Bundesliga club Werder Bremen have sacked head coach Alexander Nouri. The widely expected move comes with the team yet to have won a league match this season and follows a 3-0 defeat at home to Augsburg.
The Bundesliga title race is back off, after Bayern Munich beat RB Leipzig and Borussia Dortmund lost. From coaching quips and broken records to injury news and history makers, the best of the weekend is here.
Bayern Munich's win over RB Leipzig on Saturday put them top of the Bundesliga again. With less than a third of the season gone, the whole league is shaping up as most imagined, and it's to almost everyone's detriment.
Borussia Dortmund were expected to beat Hannover and keep their title charge motoring, but the same defensive concerns arose. Peter Bosz faces even more questions after another poor display.
Click here for the latest Bundesliga results and the current league standings. Here you can also scroll through the results from past matchdays as well as the league standings in previous weeks.
Cologne put five past BATE Borisov as they continue to be liberated from their troubles in the Bundesliga. Elsewhere, a Davie Selke brace gave Hertha Berlin a win but Hoffenheim were denied by a last-minute equalizer.
European football's secondary club competition is well underway for another season. Here, you can scroll back through all of the results and standings from this year's Europa League.
Borussia Dortmund's slump continues as they were held to another draw with minnows APOEL. The result leaves them on the verge of elimination from the Champions League and puts coach Peter Bosz under even more pressure.
Timo Werner came off the bench and looked to have rescued RB Leipzig a point in Porto. But the German side fell some way short, conceding two second half goals to suffer a 3-1 loss that leaves work to do in Group G.
Bayern Munich won their sixth successive game since the return of coach Jupp Heynckes to book their place in the last 16. Goals from Kingsley Coman and Javi Martinez disposed of a spirited Celtic side.
Europe's most prestigious club competition is in action for another season. Click here for all of the up-to-date results and standings from the UEFA Champions League.
News and background stories from football and the rest of the world of sports, from Germany's international broadcaster.
This is the place to come to find all of our Bundesliga and other football-related content on Facebook.
Germany head coach Joachim Löw has named his squad for the national team's last two matches of 2017. A couple of familiar faces return, while Marcel Halstenberg earned his first call up to the national team.
Manchester United coach Jose Mourinho has said that he has settled his tax fraud case in Spain. He had been accused of defrauding the Spanish tax authorities of millions of euros between 2011 and 2012.
Patrice Evra was sent off ahead of a Europa League game in Portugal, with the former France international karate kicking a fan in the head. Evra's actions are certain to land him in hot water with UEFA.
Joel Lobanzo, a 17-year-old footballer for Belgian club Royal Antwerp, has died after suffering a heart attack in training. The club have offered counselling to players and staff that witnessed the incident.
The Houston Astros have won the first World Series in their franchise's history by beating the Los Angeles Dodgers 5-1. George Springer hit another home run and was named the Most Valuable Player for the series.
The fact that there are concerns heading into an Olympic Games is nothing new. However, worries about the possibility of military conflict breaking out have Olympic delegations making contingency plans for Pyeongchang.
Stickers displaying Anne Frank wearing football jerseys have appeared in Germany as an anti-Semitic provocation by neo-Nazi fans. Dortmund and Leipzig hooligan groups appear to be copying their Italian counterparts.
Recent reports about football fans using the Holocaust to insult their rivals originate from a centuries-old habit of perceiving Jews as lesser beings. This should not be accepted, says DW’s Felix Tamsut.
The Bundesliga's top two will face each other in the last 16 of the German Cup. With Bayern Munich having knocked out RB Leipzig, the winner of their clash with holders Borussia Dortmund will be overwhelming favorites.
He didn't win the Mexican Grand Prix, but his ninth-placed finish was enough to secure Lewis Hamilton an historic fourth Formula One championship. Sebastian Vettel drove superbly, but fell short.