MLB - Major League Baseball Teams, Scores, Stats, News, Standings, Rumors - ESPN
Will the Marlins trade Giancarlo Stanton? Is Shohei Otani coming to MLB? Those questions and others will be answered in the next few months. Houston knew this was coming: With enough young players, enough payroll flexibility and enough patience, the world's most unpredictable sport can be tamed. The Astros finished 2017 on top with the first World Series title in franchise history. Will they open the offseason in the same place? Where do the Dodgers and Indians check in? Good news, Dodgers fans: Our projections show your team is the favorite to win the World Series next year. But what about the Astros, Cubs, Indians and Yankees? They're not far behind. The Los Angeles Dodgers open as the 5-1 favorites to win the 2018 World Series. Here are the full odds for every MLB team to win next year's World Series at the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook. A mystery bettor going undefeated and taking Las Vegas sportsbooks for over $10 million. A mattress promotion with over $10 million in liability. Ticket brokers flying in to Vegas to hedge. It all made for a wild World Series in Las Vegas. With Carlos Correa, George Springer and Jose Altuve in their primes and more talent on the way, the rest of MLB could be chasing Houston for years. Constant plot twists. Engaging storylines. Captivating baseball. Regardless of where it ranks among the best ever, the 2017 Fall Classic was one for the books. Behind an MVP performance by George Springer, the Astros beat the Dodgers and give the city of Houston its first World Series title ever. For players like Carlos Beltran and Justin Verlander, a World Series title is the cap on a career already worthy of Cooperstown. In every corner of Houston, in each of its disparate neighborhoods, one thing was true: This team represented this city, and everyone roots for this city. First-time manager Dave Martinez knows the Nationals hired him with one goal in mind. Martinez has started his new job by speaking repeatedly about winning a World Series. Stephen A. Smith and Max Kellerman reflect on Dodgers manager Dave Roberts' decision to start Yu Darvish instead of Clayton Kershaw in Game 7 of the World Series. The Dodgers hoped to make Clayton Kershaw a hero in Game 7. Instead, his four innings of shutdown relief -- after the game was well out of hand -- mean the offseason will be full of what-ifs. The team that planned and plotted its way to 104 wins and a smooth ride to the World Series was simply outdone by the Astros in the finale. Just like last year’s Cubs. Is this the new blueprint for every baseball loser? One pitcher didn’t lose the World Series for L.A. But 25 players did win it for Houston, starting with MVP George Springer. From Carlos Correa's on-field marriage proposal to Jose Altuve pondering how far the team has come, the new champs found their own ways to celebrate. Justin Verlander expresses his emotions after the Astros defeat the Dodgers in seven games to win the World Series and what he thought of his teammates' performances in the clinching game. Alex Bregman is proud of the team effort it took Houston to win the World Series. Charlie Morton reflects on winning the World Series and speaks on his performance tonight on the mound. Dave Roberts reflects on the Dodgers' successful season despite losing Game 7 of the World Series and looks forward to next season. Houston's George Springer relied on determination and baseball to build his confidence after struggling with a stutter. The Astros' center fielder was an easy choice for the Willie Mays World Series Most Valuable Player Award after he hit .379 with a
record-tying five home runs and seven RBIs. The Astros and Dodgers battled in a Fall Classic for the ages. Revisit the unforgettable moments that led the Astros to their first title. The Houston Astros are World Series champs. Celebrate in style with official championship gear. Check out how the world heard the final out in the Astros' first World Series title in franchise history. George Springer smacks a two-run home run that goes 438 feet and extends the Astros' lead to 5-0 in the second inning. After Yuli Gurriel's inappropriate gesture towards Yu Darvish during Game 3, Gurriel walks up to the plate and acknowledges Darvish by tipping his batting helmet to the ace. Alex Bregman bounces a hit to the right side where Cody Bellinger picks up the ball and misses Yu Darvish at first base, allowing George Springer to score from second and put the Astros up 1-0 in the first inning. Houston will hold a parade downtown Friday for its
World Series champion team. Full copies of the 2014 Sports Illustrated issue that picked the Astros to win the 2017 World Series are fetching as much as $1,025 in online auctions. Born and raised in Houston's Third Ward, rapper Cal Wayne is now among the city's most respected and beloved storytellers. So who better to meet during Game 5 of the Astros' World Series run? Yuli Gurriel has made headlines this postseason. But 25 years ago, his father, Lourdes, helped create a stir of his own, as part of the Cuban national team that won 100 straight games. Astros third baseman Alex Bregman is the only non-Latino member of one of MLB's best infields. So for Bregman, there was only thing to do: learn Spanish. Just like last year's Cubs. Is this the new blueprint for every baseball loser? First-time manager Dave Martinez knows the Nationals hired him with one goal in mind. He started his new job by speaking repeatedly about winning a World Series. Astros third baseman Alex Bregman is the only non-Latino member of one of MLB's best infields. So for Bregman, there was only thing to do: learn Spanish. Yuli Gurriel has made headlines this postseason. But 25 years ago, his father, Lourdes, helped create a stir of his own, as part of the Cuban national team that won 100 straight games. Now, Lourdes is watching his son try to earn his own history. We use cookies to offer an improved online experience. By clicking "OK" without changing your settings you are giving your consent to receive cookies.