NBA - National Basketball Association Teams, Scores, Stats, News, Standings, Rumors - ESPN
The three-time Eastern Conference champs head to Washington on a four-game losing streak, having yet to account for the loss of Kyrie Irving's offensive production. Stephen A. Smith says Washington is a team that plays to the level of its competition, so it had better be ready to ball against Cleveland. The Cavaliers are reeling, especially defensively, and will get no relief when they visit the Wizards on Friday night. Zach Lowe highlights the Magic's resurgence, Kemba Walker's self-reinvention, the defense of Karl-Anthony Towns, and more. Former teammates anticipate a fired-up D'Angelo Russell in his return to Los Angeles after being traded and called out by Magic Johnson. Ryen Russillo wants Lonzo Ball to be more aggressive after scoring zero points in the Lakers' loss Thursday to Portland. Giannis Antetokounmpo is an MVP candidate who can do it all on the basketball court. But the Bucks know that for them to be successful, they need to help him out. The Celtics rank second behind only the Golden State Warriors in ESPN's Basketball Power Index. BPI is bullish on Boston, winners of six straight, projecting the Celtics at 57 wins. Boston gets a test tonight visiting third-ranked Oklahoma City. As the Thunder prepare to face the Celtics, get an all-access look at their work in practice. In a Q&A session, the power forward dishes on the changes around the Knicks and the team's chances of reaching the playoffs. The Sixers' star big man is a one-man Twitterstorm, a gifted trash-talker and a budding board game guru. Most of all, he's the league's most captivating personality who's pleading for Philly to trust The Process. A healthy Joel Embiid is showing the NBA that his skills were worth the wait as he gives hope to the 76ers and their fans. As other pro leagues flail, the NBA's superstars are plentiful, its players have a voice and it has artfully navigated the sports cultural war. Marty Smith catches up with the Oklahoma City forward on the water as they talk about George's love for fishing and what it has meant to him throughout his life. Our reporters give their inside takes on whether Jimmy Butler and Kyrie Irving will score more; if Domantas Sabonis and Jordan Clarkson will be starters; and if Jahlil Okafor will be traded or released. Zach LaVine has inked a new deal with Adidas that could be worth up to $35 million, sources tell ESPN. The Bulls' guard, who has yet to play this season because of an ACL injury suffered in February, had previously been signed to Nike. There are two serious contenders for the No. 1 pick and five prospects who could land in the top 10 of the 2018 draft. And the prospects are actually getting younger. Georgetown's favorite son now leads the program he put on the map, bringing a wealth of experience -- though none of it as a head coach -- and high hopes of restoring the Hoyas to prominence. Which players and teams have stood out the most over the first two weeks of NBA action, and will it last? Our NBA Insiders weigh in. Have the Warriors shown enough to reclaim the No. 1 ranking? And what to make of surprising starts from the Magic and Clippers? Check out our latest rankings shakeup. The Sixers star big man is a one-man twitterstorm, a gifted trash-talker, a budding board game guru. Most of all, he's the league's most captivating personality who's pleading for Philly to trust The Process. Kristaps Porzingis is showing early this season that he can carry an offense without Carmelo Anthony. Have the Warriors shown enough to reclaim the No. 1 ranking? And what to make of surprising starts from the Magic and Clippers? Check out our latest rankings shake-up. Zach Lowe talks to Blake Griffin, Doc Rivers and Steve Ballmer about the way forward for a franchise in transition. We use cookies to offer an improved online experience. By clicking "OK" without changing your settings you are giving your consent to receive cookies.