A Top US & Chicago Hospital - Rush University Medical Center
Rush University Medical Center Conditions and Treatments Search by Topic or Doctor's Name View Alphabetically by Last Name Doctors at Rush Focus on You — Jennifer Goldfarb, internist — Gregory Rauch, MD, internist Hear more from doctors at Rush. Patients Visitors Directions and Parking Hospital Amenities Health & Wellness Health News and Advice to Fit Your Life The choices you make each day can have a huge effect on your health. Rush offers a wealth of resources to help you make good ones.   MyChart Primary Care Appointments Jobs at Rush   Rush University Medical Center’s lung cancer care team is one of five recipients worldwide of the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer's Cancer Care Team Award. For the second time this year, all three Rush hospitals have received an ‘A’ grade, the best possible, from safety watchdog the Leapfrog Group. Rush University Medical Center and the Rush University College of Nursing are playing a major role in a federal pilot program seeking ways to address a shortage of primary care clinicians. View More News Two-day class on pregnancy, labor and delivery (both vaginal and cesarean delivery). View More Events Just a couple of superheroes, hanging with young patients at Rush University Children's Hospital. #rushkids Rush lung cancer specialists are among five recipients worldwide of the International Association for the Study of Lung ... When you make a gift to Rush, you make a difference. Rush University Medical Center (888) 352-RUSH (7874) All physicians featured on this website are on the medical faculty of Rush University Medical Center or Rush Oak Park Hospital. Some of the physicians featured are in private practice and, as independent practitioners, are not agents or employees of Rush University Medical Center or Rush Oak Park Hospital.   More About Rush Patients & Visitors Health Care Professionals Get the latest health tips and medical news from Rush delivered right to your email. Send us your name and email address to sign up.