Home - The Medical Futurist
Every three minutes, a food allergy reaction sends someone to the emergency room in the US. Not only the number of people suffering from food allergies but also the complexity and severity of conditions are rising globally. Food scanners or portable devices could tell you the exact ingredients of the food on your plate; while apps […] The accumulation of medical data enables health insurance companies to move from the 100-year-old concept of reactive care to preventive medicine. The future points to simple, fast and highly personalized insurance plans based on information from the healthcare system and data from health sensors, wearables, and trackers. Here is the changing health insurance scene and its […] 3D printed digital contact lenses, bionic eye implants, augmented reality: the future of vision and eye care is full of science fiction-sounding innovations. Here is where digital health will take ophthalmology in the future! With rising costs of treatment, ageing populations and doctor shortages, today’s
healthcare
is not sustainable. The future of medicine will be innovative, patient centered, digital and sustainable.
These
are the challenges we must overcome to make it a reality.
Health technology is changing healthcare for patients, doctors and regulators radically.
Learn
what to expect, and start living a better life with the help of digital health tools. The 40
questions I answer in this book are the most exciting I received about the future of
medicine
from over 500 talks given at patient forums, pharmaceutical boards and doctor conferences.
Keeping this glimpse into the future actionable, the I also give detailed methods for using
technology to live a healthy and proactive life, from sleeping better to using exercise
motivation apps.
The 40 questions I answer in this book are the most exciting I received about the future of
medicine from over 500 talks given at patient forums, pharmaceutical boards and doctor
conferences. Keeping this glimpse into the future actionable, the I also give detailed
methods
for using technology to live a healthy and proactive life, from sleeping better to using
exercise motivation apps.
Every three minutes, a food allergy reaction sends someone to the emergency room in the US. Not only the number of people suffering from food allergies but also the complexity and severity of conditions are rising globally. Food scanners or portable devices could tell you the exact ingredients of the food on your plate; while apps and wearables help you deal with the effects of allergens. Here, I listed the best technologies combating food allergy! The accumulation of medical data enables health insurance companies to move from the 100-year-old concept of reactive care to preventive medicine. The future points to simple, fast and highly personalized insurance plans based on information from the healthcare system and data from health sensors, wearables, and trackers. Here is the changing health insurance scene and its most innovative solutions! 3D printed digital contact lenses, bionic eye implants, augmented reality: the future of vision and eye care is full of science fiction-sounding innovations. Here is where digital health will take ophthalmology in the future! How do you live healthier with data? How do you get used to sensors and wearables? I receive plenty of questions after my keynotes about digital health; how it changes my life and how it could transform society in the future. A while ago, I was on stage in Lisbon, when someone asked me whether I think the use of health sensors might limit our freedom of choice. As it generated a discussion within The Medical Futurist team too, I decided to outline my position and the counter-arguments. Needless to say, I stood for technology not curbing our freedom in any way. Artificial narrow intelligence (ANI) will most likely help healthcare move from traditional, „one-size-fits-all” medical solutions towards targeted treatments, personalized therapies, and uniquely composed drugs. In two words: precision medicine. However, before we let ANI take over the stage in healthcare, stakeholders should consider several ethical and legal issues.  The Medical Futurist Institute, the very first research institute specializing in digital health, was launched on 17 October 2017. We, the team of The Medical Futurist are incredibly happy to be able to share what we have been working on with you. The aim of the Institute is to prepare every stakeholder of healthcare for gradually adopting digital health. For successfully doing so, it provides comprehensive, original scientific field research, policy papers, and recommendations on technological innovations and their broader social impact. Have you ever thought that it would be possible to monitor drug overdoses, Zika cases or the spread of the flu in real time? Have you ever imagined that satellites wouldbe able to tell how and where a malaria epidemic will happen months before the actual outbreak? It is mind-blowing how, in the last years, digital maps developed to a level where they serve as effective tools for evaluating, monitoring and even predicting health events. That’s why I decided to give a comprehensive overview of digital maps in healthcare.