Medical marijuana in Pennsylvania: How patients can sign up - Lehigh Valley Business Cycle
Constellation Brands, known for its beer brands like Corona and Modelo, has bought a stake in Canopy Growth Corp., a Canadian medical marijuana company. (Oct. 30, 2017)
Constellation Brands, known for its beer brands like Corona and Modelo, has bought a stake in Canopy Growth Corp., a Canadian medical marijuana company. (Oct. 30, 2017) Pennsylvanians with 17 medical conditions are eligible for medical marijuana patient ID cards. Those conditions are Lou Gehrig's disease, autism, cancer, Crohn’s disease, epilepsy, glaucoma, HIV/AIDS, Huntington’s disease, inflammatory bowel disease, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, post-traumatic stress disorder, sickle cell anemia, spinal cord damage, chronic pain, neuropathies and intractable seizures. The law permits marijuana as pills, oils, vapor or liquid but not in plant form, and patients may not grow their own.
Six Lehigh County doctors and one Northampton County doctor now have approval to help patients obtain medical marijuana for the treatment of conditions ranging from AIDS and autism to Crohn’s disease and cancer.
The Pennsylvania Department of Health on Wednesday pledged to make the medicine available...
Six Lehigh County doctors and one Northampton County doctor now have approval to help patients obtain medical marijuana for the treatment of conditions ranging from AIDS and autism to Crohn’s disease and cancer.
The Pennsylvania Department of Health on Wednesday pledged to make the medicine available... Here is how patients can get access to the medication: Patients should be able to get medical marijuana products at dispensaries starting in 2018. Legal challenges could still delay access to the medicine. Keystone ReLeaf, a Bethlehem company that unsuccessfully applied for growing and dispensary permits, has sued the Health Department and permit recipients in Commonwealth Court for what it considers a flawed permitting process. It seeks to halt the medical marijuana program rollout.