Medical Teams International | Help Save Lives | MedicalTeams.org
Syrian refugees are in urgent need of medical care and supplies. Every hour is critical as we try to reach as many as possible. Sign up to receive updates, alerts, and stories from the field! If the clinic hadn’t been there, Helene said, she might have been one of the thousands who have died. Your support helped make sure Helene received the care she needed. Find out how you can take action during this critical time. Read Martha's notes from the field & learn four refugee myths and what you can do to change them. What would the refugee crisis look like in the US? What countries are carrying the heaviest burden? Get the facts from Martha - and learn 4 ways YOU can help.
Having witnessed unspeakable trauma, Mariam, a Syrian refugee, wants to help others. Thanks to you, she's now an Outreach Volunteer who's helping save and improve lives. "Without the medicine, we would not be talking as we are now. And I think about this: that the medicine is coming from people I did not know. This is a miracle that comes from God. And it shows that God is real, and that He is here to help me. And so now, I no longer feel that I am alone."
"MTI has developed the expertise to assess the greatest needs. It takes manpower, and it certainly takes dollars …. As I came to understand that my community wasn’t just where I lived and worked, but that it was the world, I believe I am fulfilling why I’m here.”
"As a values-driven company focused on continuous innovation, Cambia is proud to partner with Medical Teams International. The organization has a profound impact on improving the health of our communities – both locally and globally – and the impact they’re making is both tangible and far-reaching." "I’m grateful for the help because before I could not smile or talk well because of the pain of my teeth and now, thanks to your help,
I feel much better.
I feel more sure of myself because a smile is the most beautiful (part) of a person.
Many, many thanks for the help." "Volunteering allowed me to develop relationships with community members who are the most closely impacted by MTI’s work. I got to be on the end where I saw the funding move into change.”
Get information on program needs, disaster alerts, field reports, and invites to special events. © 2016 Medical Teams International. All rights reserved