Lehigh Valley's first medical marijuana doctors named - Lehigh Valley Business Cycle
Constellation Brands, known for its beer brands like Corona and Modelo, has bought a stake in Canopy Growth Corp., a Canadian medical marijuana company. (Oct. 30, 2017)
Constellation Brands, known for its beer brands like Corona and Modelo, has bought a stake in Canopy Growth Corp., a Canadian medical marijuana company. (Oct. 30, 2017) Six Lehigh County doctors and one Northampton County doctor now have approval to help patients obtain medical marijuana for the treatment of conditions ranging from AIDS and autism to Crohn’s disease and cancer. About 200 other doctors statewide have registered and are in the process of completing four hours of required training. Pennsylvania has more than 39,000 physicians, according to the Association of American Medical Colleges.
Pennsylvanians moved a giant step closer Wednesday to being able to get marijuana to help treat medical conditions, as the state announced the launch of its patient and caregiver registry .
The Health Department said a pilot program was successful, leading the agency to start taking applications...
Pennsylvanians moved a giant step closer Wednesday to being able to get marijuana to help treat medical conditions, as the state announced the launch of its patient and caregiver registry .
The Health Department said a pilot program was successful, leading the agency to start taking applications... “This is something that could actually help people, and with limited side effects,” said Kimberly Jean, one of the approved practitioners who runs a holistic and integrative medicine practice called ReVitaJuve Health & Wellness in Allentown. She signed up because she believes medical marijuana could benefit many of her patients with chronic pain. Doctors like Jean are considered critical to the program's success because they must certify the patients' illnesses before the patients can obtain an identification card from the health department. Pennsylvanians with 17 medical conditions are eligible for medical marijuana patient ID cards. Those conditions are Lou Gehrig's disease, autism, cancer, Crohn’s disease, epilepsy, glaucoma, HIV/AIDS, Huntington’s disease, inflammatory bowel disease, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, post-traumatic stress disorder, sickle cell anemia, spinal cord damage, chronic pain, neuropathies and intractable seizures. The law permits marijuana as pills, oils, vapor or liquid but not in plant form, and patients may not grow their own. During a visit, an approved physician will verify the patient suffers from one of the aforementioned medical conditions and review his or her medical history. For example, Jean said she’ll get in touch with a first-time patient’s primary physician or specialist to determine whether a patient stands to benefit from marijuana treatment. Then, patients will pay $50 to the health department through the online registry to obtain a medical marijuana patient ID, which enables them to pick up medical marijuana products at a dispensary. Patient caregivers must also complete a criminal background check. So far, the state has issued 324 “safe harbor” letters that insulate parents from criminal charges if they are obtaining the drug for their sick child. Patients should be able to get medical marijuana products next year at dispensaries in Allentown and Bethlehem. Mission Pennsylvania is expected to open its first dispensary at 2733 W. Emmaus Ave, Allentown. Guadco LLC will open the Keystone Canna Remedies dispensary at 1309 Stefko Blvd., Bethlehem. Mission Pennsylvania submitted a zoning application last week, according to Allentown spokesman Mike Moore. Both dispensaries need to be deemed operational by the Health Department by the end of 2017 to retain their permits. They’re allowed to open three storefronts each. Standard Farms LLC, led by CEO Peter A. Bio of Upper Saucon Township, is the second of 12 grower/processor permit recipients the health department has deemed operational. None of the dispensaries where patients will be able to buy medical marijuana have so far received the state's approval. “We are on the verge of getting the program up and running and I am looking forward to when this valuable medicine — and I mean medicine — will be in patients' hands,” Folmer said. Neighboring states have struggled to get doctor participation. Seven years after medical marijuana was legalized in New Jersey, fewer than 2 percent of the state’s licensed doctors are participating in the state’s program. In New York, which legalized medical marijuana in 2014, only about 1 percent of doctors are participating, according to the Henry Kaiser Foundation and Marijuana Policy Project. Locally, officials from Lehigh Valley Health Network, St. Luke’s University Health Network and Easton Hospital have said they have no plans to spearhead the registration of their doctors. Legal challenges could still delay access to the medicine. Keystone ReLeaf, a Bethlehem company that unsuccessfully applied for growing and dispensary permits, has sued the Health Department and permit recipients in Commonwealth Court for what it considers a flawed permitting process. It seeks to halt the medical marijuana program rollout. Lehigh County Northampton County Monroe County The Associated Press contributed to this report. Lvhn demos video chat app.
Lvhn demos video chat app. Lvhn demos video chat app.
Lvhn demos video chat app. Sacred Heart Hospital and St. Luke's Health Network announce merger
Sacred Heart Hospital and St. Luke's Health Network announce merger St.Luke's Unveils New Wing at Anderson Campus
St.Luke's Unveils New Wing at Anderson Campus U.S. Food and Drug Administration has alerted physicians and surgeons who treat obesity that it is investigating whether there is a link between gastric balloons — a new-generation weight-loss device — and the deaths of five patients.
U.S. Food and Drug Administration has alerted physicians and surgeons who treat obesity that it is investigating whether there is a link between gastric balloons — a new-generation weight-loss device — and the deaths of five patients. awagaman@mcall.com 610-820-6764