Medical Assistants :
Occupational Outlook Handbook: :
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Please enable javascript to play this video. Medical assistants complete administrative and clinical tasks in the offices of physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities. Their duties vary with the location, specialty, and size of the practice. Most medical assistants work in physicians’ offices, hospitals, outpatient clinics, and other healthcare facilities. Most medical assistants have postsecondary education such as a certificate. Others enter the occupation with a high school diploma and learn through on-the-job training. The median annual wage for medical assistants was $31,540 in May 2016. Employment of medical assistants is projected to grow 29 percent from 2016 to 2026, much faster than the average for all occupations. The growth of the aging baby-boom population will continue to increase demand for preventive medical services, which are often provided by physicians. As a result, physicians will hire more assistants to perform routine administrative and clinical duties, allowing the physicians to see more patients.
Explore resources for employment and wages by state and area for medical assistants.
Compare the job duties, education, job growth, and pay of medical assistants with similar occupations.
Learn more about medical assistants by visiting additional resources, including O*NET, a source on key characteristics of workers and occupations. Medical assistants complete administrative and clinical tasks in the offices of physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities. Their duties vary with the location, specialty, and size of the practice. Medical assistants typically do the following: Medical assistants take and record patients’ personal information. They must be able to keep that information confidential and discuss it only with other medical personnel who are involved in treating the patient. Electronic health records (EHRs) are changing some medical assistants’ jobs. More and more physicians are adopting EHRs, moving all their patient information from paper to electronic records. Assistants need to learn the EHR software that their office uses. In larger practices or hospitals, medical assistants may specialize in either administrative or clinical work. Medical assistants held about 634,400 jobs in 2016. The largest employers of medical assistants were as follows: Most medical assistants work full time. Some work evenings, weekends, or holidays to cover shifts in medical facilities that are always open. Most medical assistants have a postsecondary education award such as a certificate. Others enter the occupation with a high school diploma and learn through on-the-job training. Medical assistants typically graduate from postsecondary education programs. Although there are no formal educational requirements for becoming a medical assistant in most states, employers may prefer to hire assistants who have completed these programs. Programs for medical assisting are available from community colleges, vocational schools, technical schools, and universities and take about 1 year to complete. These programs usually lead to a certificate or diploma. Some community colleges offer 2-year programs that lead to an associate’s degree. All programs have classroom and laboratory portions that include lessons in anatomy and medical terminology. Some medical assistants have a high school diploma or equivalent and learn their duties on the job. High school students interested in a career as a medical assistant should take courses in biology, chemistry, and anatomy, and possibly business and computers. Medical assistants are not required to be certified in most states. However, employers may prefer to hire certified assistants. Several organizations offer certification. An applicant must pass an exam and have taken one of several routes to be eligible for each certification. These routes include graduation from an accredited program and work experience, among others. In most cases, an applicant must be at least 18 years old before applying for certification. Some states may require assistants to graduate from an accredited program, pass an exam, or both, in order to practice. Contact the state board of medicine for more information.
Median annual wages, May 2016
$37,040
$33,170
$31,540
The median annual wage for medical assistants was $31,540 in May 2016.
The median wage is the wage at which half the workers in an occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $22,870, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $45,310.
In May 2016, the median annual wages for medical assistants in the top industries in which they worked were as follows: Most medical assistants work full time. Some work evenings, weekends, or holidays to cover shifts in medical facilities that are always open.
Percent change in employment, projected 2016-26
29%
22%
7%
Employment of medical assistants is projected to grow 29 percent from 2016 to 2026, much faster than the average for all occupations. The growth of the aging baby-boom population will continue to increase demand for preventive medical services, which are often provided by physicians. As a result, physicians will hire more assistants to perform routine administrative and clinical duties, allowing the physicians to see more patients. An increasing number of group practices, clinics, and other healthcare facilities will also need support workers, particularly medical assistants, to complete both administrative and clinical duties. Medical assistants work mostly in primary care, a steadily growing sector of the healthcare industry. Medical assistants are expected to have good job prospects; however, those who earn certification and have familiarity with electronic health records (EHRs) may have better job prospects.
SOURCE: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment Projections program
Medical assistants
This table shows a list of occupations with job duties that are similar to those of medical assistants. Dental assistants perform many tasks, ranging from providing patient care and taking x rays to recordkeeping and scheduling appointments. Their duties vary by state and by the dentists’ offices where they work. Dental hygienists clean teeth, examine patients for signs of oral diseases such as gingivitis, and provide other preventive dental care. They also educate patients on ways to improve and maintain good oral health. Licensed practical nurses (LPNs) and licensed vocational nurses (LVNs) provide basic nursing care. They work under the direction of registered nurses and doctors. Occupational therapy assistants and aides help patients develop, recover, improve, as well as maintain the skills needed for daily living and working. Occupational therapy assistants are directly involved in providing therapy to patients; occupational therapy aides typically perform support activities. Both assistants and aides work under the direction of occupational therapists. Pharmacy technicians help pharmacists dispense prescription medication to customers or health professionals. Phlebotomists draw blood for tests, transfusions, research, or blood donations. Some explain their work to patients and provide assistance when patients have adverse reactions after their blood is drawn. Psychiatric technicians and aides care for people who have mental illness and developmental disabilities. Technicians typically provide therapeutic care and monitor their patients’ conditions. Aides help patients in their daily activities and ensure a safe, clean environment. For more information about becoming a medical assistant, including information on certification, visit American Association of Medical Assistants American Medical Technologists National Center for Competency Testing National Healthcareer Association Institute for Credentialing Excellence American Optometric Association American Society of Podiatric Medical Assistants Joint Commission on Allied Health Personnel in Ophthalmology For lists of accredited educational programs in medical assisting, visit Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs Accrediting Bureau of Health Education Schools Medical Assistant Schools Directory Medical Assistants The wage at which half of the workers in the occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. Median wage data are from the BLS Occupational Employment Statistics survey. In May 2016, the median annual wage for all workers was $37,040. Additional training needed (postemployment) to attain competency in the skills needed in this occupation. Typical level of education that most workers need to enter this occupation. Work experience that is commonly considered necessary by employers, or is a commonly accepted substitute for more formal types of training or education. The employment, or size, of this occupation in 2016, which is the base year of the 2016-26 employment projections. The projected percent change in employment from 2016 to 2026. The average growth rate for all occupations is 7 percent. The projected numeric change in employment from 2016 to 2026. Typical level of education that most workers need to enter this occupation. Additional training needed (postemployment) to attain competency in the skills needed in this occupation. The projected numeric change in employment from 2016 to 2026. The percent change of employment for each occupation from 2016 to 2026. The projected numeric change in employment from 2016 to 2026. The projected percent change in employment from 2016 to 2026. The wage at which half of the workers in the occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. Median wage data are from the BLS Occupational Employment Statistics survey. In May 2016, the median annual wage for all workers was $37,040.