American Medical Association | AMA
See how the AMA works with schools to prepare for the future. Sharpen your knowledge and build essential skills to succeed in your medical practice. Learn about scholarship opportunities available to help lower the cost of medical school.
Find out how the AMA is working to increase funding for GME positions and helping recent graduates prepare for licensing exams. Access exclusive physician-focused insurance plans with reduced rates and valuable lifestyle offers and services. Find resources for a range of medical career options, whether you are just starting, continuing or restarting a medical career. Learn what is necessary for those educated abroad to begin a medical career in the United States. Find resources to help physicians apply their skills to different roles or to re-enter a medical practice. Read the AMA's leading peer-reviewed journals on health care research and topics, or subscribe to our email newsletters for up-to-date medical news. See how the AMA protects physicians’ privacy in its Physician Masterfile database, especially in terms of personal information and prescribing data. Find out how the AMA is working to enhance the delivery of care and enable physicians and health teams to partner with patients to achieve better health. Learn how the House of Delegates, councils, member groups, states medical associations and specialty societies, and staff promote patient health. The AMA is leading meaningful innovation to enable a better health care system for patients, physicians and the country.
Comprehensive report reinforces many previous AMA recommendations. Medical licensure application questions about physicians’ mental health history and treatment present a barrier to doctors seeking the care they need. Team-based approach can relieve physicians of tasks that drain joy from practice. It takes organizational leadership to make the necessary changes. An expert on opioid-use disorder says evidence on effective treatment exists, but is not yet widely adhered to because of stigma and other barriers. The AMA promotes the art and science of medicine and the betterment of public health. ​ Copyright 1995 - 2017 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.