Doctors Approved to Certify Patients for Medical Marijuana | WNEP.com
LUZERNE COUNTY -- More than 100 doctors have been approved as practitioners who are able to certify patients for medical marijuana. State health officials call it a huge development. "We will get medical marijuana to patients within the next six months. We are one step closer, one step closer,” said Pennsylvania’s Physician General Dr. Rachel Levine. So far, 14 doctors in northeastern and central Pennsylvania are on the list of approved practitioners, including Dr. Richard Blum, a doctor of internal medicine in Wilkes-Barre. "I've actually had one of my patients who actually would qualify I suppose he's done his research, knows he has one of the conditions on the list and he'll get it when it becomes available,” said Dr. Blum. The list of approved doctors is public. Since word got out, Dr. Blum says his phone has been ringing. It is mostly people who are not his patients. "I gather from the phone calls today that there is a demand out there and I don't imagine that I will be one of the doctors who will be interested in that demand. I'm more interested in helping patients that I know can be helped,” said Dr. Blum. State health officials say medical marijuana is already growing in PA. Standard Farms LLC in White Haven has just been approved to grow and process medical marijuana to give to patients starting next year. "The gate has been opened and there is so much hope in cannabis,” said medical marijuana advocate Adrienne Leasa. "There's real science to cannabis and there's real medical attributes to this plant,” said Senator Mike Folmer, R-Lebanon County. Dr. Blum has been practicing medicine for 40 years and never imagined he'd one day be certifying patients for use of medical marijuana. "I don't think when I first started that I ever considered the notion of medical marijuana, but I mean in recent years, sure. It's available in other states and I know people who have really needed it and benefited from it and have moved to California for instance to take advantage of it,” he said. It's important to note that approved doctors cannot write a prescription for medical marijuana. Instead, they will certify those patients to get medical marijuana at a dispensary. And while there will be pills and oils, creams, even medical marijuana that can be vaporized, none of it will be smokable. The state plans to approve more doctors for medical marijuana certification. Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Connecting to %s the way the politicians need to grow their never ending 100k a year retirement funds, this will be recreational very soon To ( seen it all) you are an ignorant
rotten sub human, I hope you live with horrible chronic pain as I do, then tell me you have seen it all!!! I’ve seen it all. If I haven’t actually SEEN it, I’ve certainly imagined it….. I hear ya Tom. I’ve tried every over the counter product and nothing works. Nothing! So, I’m thinking on picking up some horse liniment this week! If that doesn’t work, I’ll try WD-40! My doctor won’t even have a conversation about medical marijuana, so I’m stuck. I hope that the people who need it, can get it. However, all some people have to do is say “oh,oh, I have a hangnail and I need medical marijuana” and they’ll get it. Wait and see. Meanwhile, people like us are ostracized for even talking about it. Good luck to you. Id rather have the “organic” marijuana.
Over the counter from CVS isn’t the same. Those that are against the medical marijuana you prefer that I take Klonopin? It’s an addictive narcotic. The marijuana being prescribed is in pill or oil form. Has a very low level of thc ( which is what gives you the high in marijuana) would you rather I be an addict or someone who gets the munchies and finally gets some peace while sleeping? Shhhhh. Another sad day for PA,
A bunch of losers looking for a high on the govt/ insurance companies , like the oxies and methadone isn’t enough , the “pain” crowd needs pot pills to sell .
Another scam set for PA’s inbred community to deaden them to life . Pot pills? Really you are stupid. Please don’t breed. Hey seen it all: not everyone is looking to get high!
Maybe everyone you know is, but you don’t know a lot of us! Why go throw the state? We all have greenthumbs. It’s genetic. Yes, this is just what PA needs.
More substance abusers.
I wonder if these people in pain, know the long term effects of marijuana?
Likely not.
They’re just trading one problem for another.
Sad. What do you know? Not a clue….troglodyte I’ve typed this before, but this is worthy of repeating myself.
Once the gubmint becomes involved in any aspect of our daily lives, it degenerates into a disaster.
Look at alcohol and tobacco sales!!
There’s even the BATF agency created solely to oversee the sales of alcohol, tobacco, and firearms.
Pffffft!!!!
Will there be the BWAB agency, now?
That would be Bureau of Weed And Brownies.
Weed is a weed.
Anyone can grow it in just about any environment, and the gubmint can’t tax it unless it’s controlled.
With this setup, medical marijuana is not going to be the same product.
It’s going to be stronger, genetically altered, and likely exposed to RoundUp and other pesticides and herbicides.
Weed will go the way that tobacco went, and it’s so pointless. Oh, I keep forgetting.
I’ve been permanently banned, so this response doesn’t exist. We don’t always agree, but on banning?
It’s really not a good thing.
Let people’s comments stand, good or bad.
Smart or idiotic.
Refined or crass.
Better talking than taking up arms against each other. Then again, it’s THEIR site to do with what they please, so… eh. WARNINGFAKENEWS, I’ve been permanently banned from the WNEP comments because there was one poster that just took issue with me, personally.
This individual changed its name about 10 times in one day to comment on its own posts, taunt other posters, and to keep its crosshairs on me, personally.
I guess it saw me as some kind of intellectual threat because it wanted to “WIN” instead of dialogue.
And, it hated that I felt pity for it and expressed compassion for people who’d had horrific experiences or had their lives ended in tragedy. This site belongs to WNEP which, in turn, is affiliated with CNN, and we know about that network and their agenda.
No worries, here!
🙂 I had a troll mail threatening and potentially damaging false things to me for over 10 years- from a board I left 15 years prior.
I hear ya.
There’s some people who will go to any length to stop people from posting thoughts which conflict with their beliefs, so the more articulate you are, the bigger a target you become. It’s not so much a matter of preventing me from posting my thoughts or even facts, it’s about one person who had become so butt-hurt and intellectually threatened that they did everything they could to generate a ranting reaction, and I wouldn’t give them what they wanted.
So, then it became a campaign of down-votes and reporting my comments.
This is someone for whom I feel terrible pity that their lives are THAT empty and they are THAT impotent that they use public discussion forums to act-out their rages and fury.
It’s so pitiful. If you are banned from this comment section, how am I and others able to read your submissions? You can see my comments because I know what my machines can, and cannot, do.
😉 NOTHING SAID ON HOW DOCS WERE PICKED. BET IT COST DOCS SOMETHING. It’s all about money.
That’s it.
That’s all ANY OF THIS IS ABOUT:
MONEY!! Religion, politics, laws, drugs, healthcare.
Hell, even some marriages. There’s 90% BS in everything brother, embrace it! You might sound less moronic if you would not use all caps… You can’t sound any less moronic, caps or otherwise.
Run along, now, you’ll miss the clues for tomorrow’s new word of the day. Here folks, have some weed.
Don’t worry about the current state of things and go back to sleep. I don’t smoke pot anymore, but I did when I was younger.
I have nothing against it and I enjoyed it a lot. But…. THIS is going to be a FN DISASTER!!! Weed dispensaries ran and organized by Doctors and the state??? Hahaha, what could possibly go wrong? What do you know? Not a clue….troglodyte You keep posting the same comment, over and over.
Did they teach you a new word, today? It’s amazing how wonderful it all becomes once the state gets their cut.
The very people who were once telling us of the scourge of marijuana and how it was a gateway drug now sing it’s praises.
Follow the money. And BTW, I am a person in favor of liberty- meaning I think laws against it are counterproductive and expensive. Having the government make huge profits from it doesn’t further the cause of liberty one bit.
In fact, it takes us further down the path to tyranny. Oh, and I should add, I have no interest in smoking, edibles, or any of it- just think it’s beyond silly that the government wastes resources with it and infringes on people’s freedom for stuff like this. I’ve seen with my own eyes how it can destroy the mind, but people should have the right to do stupid stuff, if that is their choice, and as long as they don’t infringe on other’s rights. I tend to agree with you, though I’ve seen people in pain and wouldn’t deny anyone a way out of it, but why mary jane? CEEME, marijuana isn’t as dangerous as its been made out to be.
The reason that it has been maligned as a dreadful drug scourge is that the government couldn’t regulate people who grew it in their yards or farm fields.
That made it impossible to tax.
The same thing happened to alcohol which is why prohibition was passed and quickly repealed.
Not everything that people abuse is going to be abused by every member of the population.
I’m more concerned about people who have been drinking and operate motor vehicles than I am about someone who smokes some weed and doesn’t drive because they don’t want to wreck!
Oh, nuts.
I keep forgetting that I’m permanently banned.
Ignore this response.