Pennsylvania Medical Marijuana Program | PA.GOV
The Pennsylvania Department of Health is in the process of implementing the state’s Medical Marijuana Program, signed into law on April 17, 2016. When fully implemented, the Medical Marijuana Program will provide access to medical marijuana for patients with a serious medical condition through a safe and effective method of delivery that balances patient need for access to the latest treatments with patient care and safety. This guide will connect you with medical marijuana resources and information for patients and caregivers, growers and processors, dispensaries, physicians, and laboratories. In this guide Please ensure you enter the information EXACTLY as it appears on your PA driver’s license or PennDOT-issued ID card. Watch this instructional video from Lolly Bentch, patient liaison for the Pennsylvania Medical Marijuana program, on how to register as a patient or caregiver. Prior to beginning the Safe Harbor Letter application process, please make sure you have all of the required documents and information necessary to submit your application. All applicants will need: The Pennsylvania Departments of Health and Education support the administration of medical marijuana under a Safe Harbor Letter to students with serious medical conditions and the maintenance of a safe environment for other students while on school property. The below guidance provides information to school administrators to assist them in developing policies for the administration of medical marijuana on school property. A parent, legal guardian or caregiver shall bring to the school and administer the medical marijuana to their child/student without creating a distraction, and shall promptly remove any excess medical marijuana and related materials from the school premises after the administration of medical marijuana is complete. The school shall provide a secure and private location for the parent/legal guardian/caregiver to administer the medical marijuana to the student. Students themselves shall not be permitted to possess any form of medical marijuana at any time on school property or during any school activities on school property. Under Act 16 of 2016 (the Pennsylvania Medical Marijuana Act or the Act), the term “medical marijuana” refers to marijuana obtained for a certified medical use by a Pennsylvania resident with a serious medical condition and is limited by statute in Pennsylvania to the following forms: Studies have shown that medical marijuana can assist patients suffering from certain serious medical conditions by alleviating pain and improving their quality of life. The Act defines a “serious medical condition” as any one of the following: A “caregiver” who is designated by the patient and is registered with the department will be able to obtain medical marijuana from a dispensary located in the commonwealth that has a validly- issued permit from the department in order for the caregiver to deliver medical marijuana to the patient.
Patients under the age of 18 are required to have a caregiver. Yes. Caregivers may provide care for up to five patients. Your patient profile contains all your relevant patient information. Each time you log onto the patient and caregiver registry, you will be able to access this information.
If you are a patient, or caregiver of a patient, you need to create a profile in the registry and complete the registration process to participate in the program.
A practitioner approved by the Department of Health can issue a patient certification. The certification confirms that you have one of the 17 serious medical conditions defined in the Act, and that medical marijuana may benefit you. You cannot participate in the program without a patient certification.
Patients under the age of 18 are required to have a caregiver apply on their behalf. Patients over the age of 18 (and caregivers) need to have proof of Pennsylvania residency in the form of a Pennsylvania driver’s license or a Pennsylvania state issued identification card with their current address. If you are home-bound, you may either register yourself and designate up to two caregivers or you may have a caregiver apply on your behalf. Your caregiver, once approved, can pick up your medical marijuana at an approved dispensary. Yes. Patients under the age of 18 with a serious medical condition may get medical marijuana through a caregiver. Minors under the age of 18 require a caregiver to register on their behalf. If you are the minor’s parent, legal guardian or spouse you can serve as your minor’s caregiver by registering as their caregiver. If you are not the minor’s parent, legal guardian or spouse, an ‘authorization to designate a third-party caregiver’ form must be completed. This form can be downloaded from the caregiver’s profile. Once completed, you will upload the form in your caregiver profile. If the patient is under the age of 18, they are required to have a caregiver apply on their behalf. If a patient is 18 years of age or older and able to register themselves, they may do so. If they cannot, a caregiver may register for them. You are not required to complete a background check if you are registering as a patient. However, all caregivers must complete a background check, and any criminal record will be reviewed prior to their approval. The department is currently developing the process to obtain a medical marijuana ID card. The department anticipates mailing ID cards to patients and caregivers later this year. More information will be available closer to that time. The fee for the card is $50. Individuals providing evidence that they participate in the following government programs may qualify for a discounted medical marijuana ID card: Medicaid, PACE/ PACENET, CHIP, SNAP, and WIC. Once you have received your medical marijuana ID card, you can purchase medical marijuana at a dispensary in Pennsylvania that has been issued a permit by the Department of Health. In order to register as a patient’s caregiver, you must have proof of Pennsylvania residency in the form of a Pennsylvania driver’s license or a Pennsylvania state issued identification card with your current address.
Your caregiver profile will contain all relevant caregiver information and will be stored in the patient and caregiver registry.
Adult patients can designate any individual as their caregiver. All caregivers must complete a background check. If you are a caregiver for a minor but not the patient’s parent, legal guardian or spouse, you will need to be designated as a third-party caregiver. This is done by filling out and ‘authorization to designate a third-party caregiver’ form. Once completed, you will upload the form back in your caregiver profile. All caregivers must complete a background check. Any criminal record will be reviewed prior to approval. You cannot be approved as a caregiver if you have been convicted of a criminal offense that occurred within the last five years relating to the sale or possession of drugs, narcotics or controlled substances. Yes. Caregivers may provide care for up to five patients. The Pennsylvania Medical Marijuana Act creates the Medical Marijuana Advisory Board within the Department of Health. Members include the Secretary of Health; the Physician General; State Police Commissioner; Chair of the State Board of Pharmacy; Commissioner of Professional and Occupational Affairs; President of the Pennsylvania Chiefs of Police Association; President of the Pennsylvania District Attorneys Association; members to be appointed by the Governor and six appointees from the legislative caucuses who are knowledgeable and experienced in issues relating to care and treatment of individuals with a serious medical condition, geriatric or pediatric or clinical research. One member appointed by the Governor shall be a patient, a family or household member of a patient or a patient advocate.
The states that the Pennsylvania’s Medical Marijuana Advisory Board shall have the following duties:
Updates: Grower/Processor Permittees and Facility Locations: Applicant Score Cards: Redacted Applications: Any redactions made by the DOH are identified; all other redactions are made by the applicant. Logged Applications: Applying for a Grower/Processor Permit: The Office of Medical Marijuana is not accepting applications at this time. Please check back frequently for phase two information. The department may issue permits for no more than 25 growers/processors. No more than five grower/processors may also be issued a dispensary permit. The application process requires an applicant – at a minimum – to: Those that are awarded a permit must complete a two-hour training course. As permitted by the Act, the department may provide for other requirements through temporary regulations. Updates: Dispensary Permittees and Facility Locations Applicant Score Cards: Redacted Applications: Any redactions made by the DOH are identified; all other redactions are made by the applicant. Logged Applications: Applying for a Dispensary Permit: The Office of Medical Marijuana is not accepting applications at this time. Please check back frequently for phase two information. The department will issue permits initially for no more than 50 dispensaries. Each dispensary may have no more than three separate locations. The application process requires an applicant – at a minimum – to: Those that are awarded a permit must complete a two-hour training course. As permitted by the Act, the department may provide for other requirements through temporary regulations. Physician Registry: Approved Training Providers: Watch this video for more information about the medical marijuana patient registry. In order to participate in the Medical Marijuana Program, a physician must: Please send us an email at RA-DHMedMarijuana@pa.gov if you have a question that has not been addressed by the information above. Keystone State. Proudly founded by William Penn in 1681 as a place of tolerance and freedom.