University of Massachusetts Medical School (UMass Medical School)
The Serum Institute of India announced the global launch of a rabies monoclonal antibody developed in partnership with UMass Medical School. Rabishield, a U.S.-patented product, will aid with rabies prevention and is expected to reduce rabies mortality in India. A new institute for rare diseases research at UMass Medical School will build on the school’s already substantial accomplishments in the fields of gene therapy, RNA biology and RNAi technology to accelerate the development of novel therapeutics for a host of disorders. UMass Medical School ranked 29th out of 139 medical schools in NIH funding, according to the 2016 Blue Ridge Institute for Medical Research report. Ten academic departments at UMMS ranked in the top 50 among their peers at other U.S. medical schools. Our mission: To advance the health and well-being of the people of the commonwealth and the world through pioneering education, research and health care delivery along with clinical partner UMass Memorial Health Care, the largest health care provider in Central Massachusetts. Find out more about UMMS here.   The pre-eminent international organization for RNA researchers has named Andrei Korostelev, PhD, the recipient of its 2018 Early Career Award, and Erik Sontheimer, PhD, its 2018 Mid-Career Award winner. Both are faculty of the UMMS RNA Therapeutics Institute. The Graduate School of Nursing’s annual Graduate Entry Pathway Pinning Ceremony kicked off Convocation Week at UMass Medical School on Sept. 11 when 30 doctoral students received pins symbolizing their entry into the nursing profession. UMass Medical School is stocking a school food pantry, distributing 700 backpacks filled with supplies to students and installing washers and dryers in the Worcester Public Schools, thanks to support from the Remillard Family Community Service Fund.  In this ‘Women in Science’ video, PhD candidate Yvonne Chan talks about her exploration of how proteins fold and maintain their three-dimensional structure. Welcome to the University of Massachusetts Medical School (UMMS), the commonwealth’s first and only public academic health sciences center.   MassBiologics, located in Boston, is the only non-profit, FDA-licensed manufacturer of vaccines in the United States. For more than 100 years, MassBiologics has worked to improve public health through applied research, development and production of biologic products. The Office of Advancement is committed to engaging in and building lasting relationships between UMass Medical School, UMass Memorial Health Care and those who support or wish to support our joint enterprise with their gifts, wisdom and time. Together, we are working to advance the health and well-being of the people in the commonwealth and the world through pioneering advances in education, research and health care delivery. Your gift can help today.    Commonwealth Medicine is dedicated to improving health care for people in need, while also controlling costs and maximizing revenue for our clients. Public- and private-sector organizations save millions of dollars annually by working with us. Our evidence-based recommendations and innovative solutions produce tangible results: General Information: 508-856-8989  Privacy Statement The University of Massachusetts Medical School’s three graduate schools are consistently ranked among the best in the nation. The UMMS educational experience inspires future physicians, researchers and advanced practice nurses to excel in patient care, innovation, discovery, leadership and service.  The University of Massachusetts Medical School (UMMS) is a world-class research institution with a uniquely collaborative spirit, that consistently produces noteworthy advances in clinical and basic research. With $280 million (FY16) in research funding, UMMS is in the top two percent of all NIH-funded institutions. The world-class faculty at the University of Massachusetts Medical School include a Nobel Laureate and many other internationally recognized researchers engaged in cutting-edge science, along with outstanding physicians and nursing professionals who provide the highest quality teaching and clinical care.  The Office of Advancement is committed to engaging in and building lasting relationships between UMass Medical School, UMass Memorial Health Care and those who support or wish to support our joint enterprise with their gifts, wisdom and time. Together, we are working to advance the health and well-being of the people in the commonwealth and the world through pioneering advances in education, research and health care delivery.