TZ Medical - Home
Home About TZ Purchasing Distribution Internship Application Events Products New Products Hemostasis Comfort Zone Workplace Safety Products Neurosurgery Defibrillation Electrodes Cardiac Monitors Electrophysiology Radiation Protection Procedure Lighting Labor & Delivery Catalog Contact Us Product Videos Portal Since our inception in 1990, TZ Medical's main focus has always been innovation. Through this unswerving devotion to innovate, we have developed several novel products that have become mainstays in hospitals throughout the US and around the world. Our ability to develop these new products is a direct result of our practice of actively listening to our customers. Customer input is the cornerstone principle of our philosophy and is the origin of our company motto- "Sparked By Your Ideas."   Neptune Pads Comfort Bands Femoral Hemostasis   Radiotranslucent Electrodes Radiotransparent Electrodes Pediatric Electrodes Return Pads Purchasing Contracts Our mission is to design, manufacture, and deliver products that meet and exceed the needs and expectations of each customer. We will sustain our vision and mission by constantly seeking renewal via continuous education and learning, and the application of new technologies and best business practices. We will do business as model individual and corporate citizens in our local and international communities. We will "play to win", acting with absolute honesty, integrity, and fairness in the way we conduct our business and the way we live our lives. About TZ   Comfort Zone Patient Positioning Products   Distraction Pins Retractor and Distractor System Skull Pins   Booker Box Catheters Transseptal Needles Return Pads   Aera Family Ultra Paces Heart Aide EZD/mini Distribution Contact Us TZ Medical, Inc. 17750 SW Upper Boones Ferry Rd. Suite #150 Portland OR 97224   tel: 800.944.0187 fax: 503.639.0239 TZ Medical, Inc   -   2016   -   1-800-944-0187 Home About TZ Purchasing Distribution Internship Application Events Products New Products Hemostasis Comfort Zone Workplace Safety Products Neurosurgery Defibrillation Electrodes Cardiac Monitors Electrophysiology Radiation Protection Procedure Lighting Labor & Delivery Catalog Contact Us Product Videos Portal   HOME ABOUT TZ PRODUCTS CONTRACTS CONTACT DISTRIBUTION EVENTS INTERNSHIP PORTAL