Medi-Cal Program Overview
Medi-Cal is a program that offers free or low-cost health coverage for children and adults with limited income and resources. Medi-Cal covers low-income adults, families with children, seniors, persons with disabilities, pregnant women, children in foster care and former foster youth up to age 26. Once you submit your application, it will be sent to your local county human services agency for a determination if you seem likely to qualify for Medi-Cal. If more information is needed, the county will contact you. During the next 45 days, the county will mail you a notice telling you if you qualify for Medi-Cal. If you are eligible, you will receive a Medi-Cal benefits identification card (BIC) in the mail (if you do not already have one). You will also receive an informational packet in the mail that explains the available Medi-Cal health plan options in your county and how to enroll. When you first qualify for Medi-Cal, you can use your BIC to get services under fee-for-service (also called regular Medi-Cal). If you get a Medi-Cal Notice of Action telling you that you or a member of your household no longer qualifies for Medi-Cal due to changes in income or your household, you may enroll in a health plan through Covered California, but you must act fast. You only have 60 days from the date listed in the Medi-Cal Notice of Action to enroll in Covered California under special enrollment. To avoid a gap in your health coverage, let us help you select a new plan before your Medi-Cal coverage ends. We can also tell you if you qualify for financial help to lower your costs. If you are uninsured and are not eligible for Medi-Cal or a plan through Covered California, you may qualify for limited health services offered by your county. These programs are not insurance plans and do not provide full coverage. County health programs are commonly known as “county indigent health” or programs “medically indigent adult” programs. Now that you are signed up for updates from Covered California, we will send you tips and reminders to help with your health coverage.