Medical Mutual of Ohio: Health Insurance Plans & Quotes
Medical Mutual Medicare You are leaving Medical Mutual’s Medicare section. You will be viewing content from one of our non-Medicare sections or from a third-party.  x  We're sorry.
Medical Mutual does not offer products in your zip code. We’re sorry, we are unable to retrieve your location at this time.
Please try again later. Please enter a valid zip code. Type of health insurance I'm interested in: 866.488.3266 App available for Looking for an in-network doctor, hospital, facility, pharmacy or dental and vision provider? Quickly search for an in-network provider by location, specialty and more. The federal government offers tax subsidies that may help you pay for health insurance. Use our calculator to see if you're eligible for a tax subsidy and get an estimate of how much it would be. Get an estimate on your tax penalty for not having health insurance coverage. An independent insurance agent is like a personal shopper who compares rates and coverage to find the best value for you. Our Mutual Appreciation program provides actual incentives and rewards Medical Mutual employees who do business. Managing your benefits is easy with My Health Plan. Log on to view your claims, print your ID card and more. Medical Mutual is the oldest and largest health insurer in Ohio. Our headquarters are here and we have offices throughout the state. For 80 years, we've been serving our members and the Ohio communities where they live and work. We strive to be the health insurance choice of Ohioans and help make Ohio the best it can be. Downtown Columbus, Ohio This Medical Mutual of Ohio and its Family of Companies (collectively, “Medical Mutual”) website may contain links to other Internet sites (“Third Party Sites”) that are not maintained by or under the control of Medical Mutual. These links are provided solely for your convenience, and you access them at your own risk. Medical Mutual makes no warranties or representations about the contents of products, services or information offered in such Third Party Sites. Consequently, Medical Mutual is not and cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in Third Party Sites linked to this Medical Mutual website.