GOP tax plan would eliminate medical deduction - Axios
Why it is important to trust people you don't know.
House Republicans' tax bill would eliminate a deduction that helps people cover particularly high health care bills, including the cost of long-term care. It also would repeal a tax break designed to encourage drug companies to develop products that treat rare diseases. President Donald Trump hugs Broadcom CEO Hock Tan during an event to announce the company is moving its global headquarters to the United States Photo: Evan Vucci / AP Qualcomm, meanwhile, has been trying to close a big acquisition of its own, its pending deal to buy NXP Semiconductors. Qualcomm said this week it still hopes to close the deal this year, but it could take until early 2018. A Qualcomm representative declined to comment. Fires flare off the gas from in Kirkuk, Iraq this October. Photo: Emad Matti / AP Photo: Evan Vucci / AP President Trump reacted harshly to Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl's avoidance of prison time with an afternoon tweet from Air Force One:
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Rep. Kevin Brady, R-Texas., speaks during an interview with The Associated Press. Photo: Susan Walsh / AP Taxpayers will not be able to fill out a postcard-sized piece of paper to file their tax returns based on the House GOP tax plan, House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady said Friday in a discussion with Politico's Anna Palmer and Jake Sherman.
The House passed its CHIP bill. Photo: Jacquelyn Martin/AP The House this morning passed its bill to reauthorize federal funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program, by a 242-174 vote. Federal CHIP funding expired at the end of September, and a handful of states have already started to run out of money for their programs. More will face a funding squeeze early next year. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, right, arrives for a pretrial hearing with his defense counsel Lt. Col. Franklin D. Rosenblatt. Photo: Ted Richardson / AP Twitter's mobile app icon. Photo: Matt Rourke / AP Why it is important to trust people you don't know.