Medical examiner changes manner of death for Pamela Hupp's mother | Law and order | stltoday.com
A mix of clouds and sun. High near 60F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph.. Partly cloudy early followed by cloudy skies overnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 53F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph. St. Louis County police photo of the balcony railing damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police close-up photo of the balcony railing damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police photo of the living room of Shirley Neumann's apartment, showing balcony door. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police photo of the height of the balcony railing that was damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013, taken during a police investigation. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police photo of the balcony railing damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013, taken during from ground level during a police investigation. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. Betsy Faria and Pam Hupp Russell and Betsy Faria on a 2009 cruise. The former home of Russell and Betsy Faria Shirley Neumann Shirley Neumann St. Louis County police photo of the balcony railing damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police close-up photo of the balcony railing damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police photo of the living room of Shirley Neumann's apartment, showing balcony door. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police photo of the height of the balcony railing that was damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013, taken during a police investigation. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. St. Louis County police photo of the balcony railing damaged during the fall of Shirley Neumann in 2013, taken during from ground level during a police investigation. Courtesy of Fox 2 / KTVI. Betsy Faria and Pam Hupp Russell and Betsy Faria on a 2009 cruise. The former home of Russell and Betsy Faria Hupp’s mother, Shirley Neumann, 77, was found dead below the balcony of her senior apartment near Fenton in 2013. Case, speaking with the Post-Dispatch about her decision regarding Neumann, said, “Since her death, many things have happened that involved the daughter. And so all of that investigation, including the one in Lincoln County and the one in St. Charles, became pertinent information. And there was just so much going on around this woman ... that I was no longer willing to say it could be an accident.” Case cautioned that she does not know the manner of Neumann’s death. She also said that she was willing to consider new information, and that the manner of death could change again. Hupp told Fox 2 that her mother’s death was an accident. She has repeatedly denied any role in the death of her friend, Elizabeth “Betsy” Faria, who died at her home near Troy, Mo., in 2011. Hupp has pleaded not guilty to charges of first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the August 2016 death of Louis Gumpenberger, 33, in Hupp’s O’Fallon, Mo., home. Her trial is scheduled for April, and prosecutors have said they’ll seek the death penalty if she’s convicted. Neumann was found dead by a housekeeper at what was then Lakeview Park Independent Senior Living Community near Fenton on Oct. 31, 2013. Hupp is the last person known to have seen her mother alive, when she dropped her off at 5 p.m. the day before, police reports say. Hupp had taken her mother to the hospital after a fall, and then kept her overnight at her own home. When the housekeeper checked on Neumann about 2:30 p.m. the next day, she found the apartment door open, the water running and the patio door open. The balcony railing was damaged, and Neumann’s body was on the ground. Neumann’s son, Michael Neumann, told police she had fallen before. A detective told the medical examiner’s office “they are comfortable that it was not suspicious and that no foul play occurred,” according to the autopsy. Assistant Medical Examiner Raj Nanduri ruled the manner of death an accident, listing blunt trauma to the chest as the cause of death. About a month after her death, police took another look when they received an anonymous note that said Hupp had been “kind of looked at for a murder involving life insurance,” referring to Betsy Faria’s death. During that reinvestigation, the housekeeper who found the body told police Shirley Neumann was sometimes unsteady if she took a pill for back pain. Michael Neumann told police that his mother had arthritis and memory problems. He told them he did not have any concerns about foul play in his mother’s death. Police never talked to Hupp because circumstances did not suggest foul play, a spokesman would later say. On Aug. 30, 2016, one week after Hupp was charged in Gumpenberger’s death, St. Louis County police Detective Matthew Levy spoke again with Michael Neumann, who said he still believed his mother’s death was accidental. He said she had fallen numerous times and also said she was unsteady, according to the most current police report. Hupp, Michael Neumann and one other sibling split $10,000 in life insurance and each received about $120,000 in investments, Michael Neumann told Levy, who was looking into Hupp’s prior statements to Lincoln County detectives about an inheritance. In a videotaped interview in 2013, before the first trial of Russell Faria, Hupp was discussing the possibility that defense lawyers would try to blame her for Betsy Faria’s death. She told a detective “my mom’s worth half a million that I get when she dies,” according to a recording of the interview. She added, “If I really wanted money, there was an easier way than trying to combat somebody that’s physically stronger than me,” meaning Betsy Faria. Levy couldn’t get a subpoena for data that would show the whereabouts of Hupp’s phone around the time of her mother’s death, the police report says. Lawyers for Lakeview Park refused to provide a railing for police testing, the report says. LaBoube told the Post-Dispatch the tests “looked reasonable to me,” and that he would have replicated them to some extent. Case told the Post-Dispatch that she did not consider the testing personnel “forensic engineers.” The investigation into Shirley Neumann’s death is currently “inactive,” the police report says. Hupp’s attorney, Nicholas Williams, said through a spokesman that with no charges pending in the death “he doesn’t see the need to comment on Dr. Case’s actions.” Police and prosecutors believe Hupp lured Gumpenberger to her home by pretending to be a “Dateline” producer willing to pay someone to re-enact a 911 call. She called 911 and shot him while pretending to be fending off a kidnapper sent by Russell Faria, according to investigators and court documents, and then planted a kidnapping note, a knife and $400 on Gumpenberger. Hupp was aware that federal investigators were re-examining Betsy Faria’s death after Russell Faria’s acquittal. Russell Faria’s lawyers had long tried to point to Hupp as the culprit, as she was the last person known to have seen her friend alive and was the beneficiary of Betsy Faria’s $150,000 life insurance policy. Shirley Neumann Pamela Hupp is accused of shooting a man in an attempt to frame the husband of her friend, Betsy Faria, who was killed in 2011. Russell Faria … Robert Patrick is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Whenever Robert Patrick posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops.