Hurricanes in the Caribbean | International Medical Corps
A preeminent First Responder, International Medical Corps provides emergency relief to those struck by disaster, no matter where they are, no matter what the conditions, working with them to recover, rebuild and gain the skills and tools required for self-reliance. Our Global Ambassadors and First Responders help us to educate, advocate and draw attention to humanitarian crises around the world. The establishment of International Medical Corps in 1984 ushered in a new and different kind of relief agency. International Medical Corps is responding in Puerto Rico, Florida, and across the Caribbean. War, drought, and displacement is fueling the largest hunger crisis in decades, with more than 30 million people experiencing extreme food insecurity. The Syrian war continues to inflict incomprehensible levels of suffering on civilians and fuel the largest displacement crisis in the world today.
“I read the papers a lot and I heard very, very little about what happened to this island…But this... As a gender-based violence (GBV) case manager for International Medical Corps in Wau, South Sudan, my job is emotionally... Samia* and Khaled* married 13 years ago. They were both 23. Samia remembers their first five years of marriage... Logistics is like a link chain—it’s only as strong as its weakest link. Each piece has to connect firmly... Every $1 you donate unlocks an additional $30 in grants from institutions, donated medicines, and supplies. Join a community of passionate people just like you raising awareness and funds for International Medical Corps by becoming a First Responder Fundraiser. Explore more ways to get involved. From Legacy Giving to attending events to staying connected on social media, your support matters. A preeminent First Responder, International Medical Corps provides emergency relief to those hit by disaster, and offers the skills needed to rebuild stronger. Hurricane Maria devastated many islands still reeling from the impact of Hurricane Irma and exacerbated the crisis by wreaking havoc on islands such as Puerto Rico that had been spared Irma’s destruction. An update on the situation in Puerto Rico from International Medical Corps' Medical Technical Advisor Dr. Hernando Garzon Collaborating with a network of nearly 70 local health clinics to help increase services in communities outside of San Juan. Our medical teams in Dominica are working in medical facilities and making house calls when needed, and we continue providing relief to hard-hit nearby islands. We are collaborating with a network of 30 health clinics that serve 80,000 men, women and children. On September 27, the International Medical Corps emergency response team traveled outside of San Juan to assess the needs of rural clinics following Hurricane Maria. Damage to was seen along the way, especially to trees, lights, and power poles as well as this overpass. Photo: Ken Cedeno Dr. Rob Fuller and Maria Rodriguez, director of Concilio de Salud Integral de Loiza Hospital, right, speak with the person at the pharmacy window. One major concern is the supply chain for medicines and consumables, which was disrupted by the storm, a challenge made more complicated by the lack of fuel on the island. With the exception of one, International Medical Corps was the first organization to visit the clinics to understand how they are functioning after Hurricane Irma. Photo: Ken Cedeno International Medical Corps Emergency Response Team member Carrie Vopelak meets with staff of Concilio de Salud Integral de Loiza Hospital. Another emerging issue is staff welfare, as many have been displaced by Hurricane Maria and all are struggling to get fuel, water, and other basic necessities for themselves and their families. Photo: Ken Cedeno following Hurricane Maria. The hospital lost half of the inpatient rooms due to wind damage. Photo: Ken Cedeno he International Medical Corps team visited hospitals in and around San Juan on September 26, including Hospital Menonita de Caguas, which suffered damage from Hurricane Maria’s strong winds. Photo: Ken Cedeno Crowds of people wait in line for gas at a Shell station in San Juan Puerto Rico. Fuel is a major challenge on the island following Hurricane Maria. This is true for civilians as well as health facilities, which are dependent on generators for power. Photo: Ken Cedeno Damage from Hurricane Maria is seen upon landing at Luis Muñoz Marin Airport near San Juan, Puerto Rico. International Medical Corps’ emergency response team arrived on the island September 25 and have been meeting with hospitals and clinics to understand their needs and plan how to best direct relief and recovery assistance. Photo: Ken Cedeno International Medical Corps volunteer physician, Dr. Rob Fuller of UConn Health, looks at the needs of a clinic outside of San Juan. Without electricity, clinics are relying on generators for power, which often have to be shut off periodically to prevent overheating. It is also very difficult to get the diesel fuel required to run them. Photo: Ken Cedeno People line up to get water on the side of the road on the eastern side of Puerto Rico on September 27. In addition to fuel, clean water and food are in increasingly short supply, compounding the suffering of Puerto Ricans after Hurricane Maria. Photo: Ken Cedeno Rachael Rodriguez fans her son as her daughter Naomi looks on while they wait to board a United Airlines humanitarian flight leaving Luis Muñoz Marin Airport near San Juan, Puerto Rico on September 25. International Medical Corps emergency response team members flew in on the humanitarian flight, which then evacuated Naomi, her family, and other Puerto Ricans off the island. Photo: Ken Cedeno Puerto Rico suffering from power outages and fuel shortages Normal flight schedules have not yet resumed on many islands 100% of Dominica was impacted by Hurricane Maria International Medical Corps’ disaster response experts are on the ground in Puerto Rico, and across the Caribbean, coordinating with response agencies and local organizations in the aftermath of Hurricanes Irma and Maria. Medical supplies are being distributed, while further relief items are being prepared for shipment. We currently have teams working in Puerto Rico and Dominica and are working to support other hard-hit islands from a base in Barbuda. We are also supporting recovery efforts in Florida. International Medical Corps is on the ground in Puerto Rico, where we are partnering with the La Asociación de Salud Primaria de Puerto Rico (ASPPR), a network of nearly 70 health clinics focused on providing care to low-income families across the island. Power outages continue to make it difficult to operate health facilities, with many clinics resorting to limiting the hours they are open or providing care in smaller spaces that can be powered by a generator. Maintaining a cold chain for many urgently needed medications, especially those for chronic care, has been a challenge. International Medical Corps is providing logistical support to help urban and rural clinics across the island get back to caring for patients. This includes providing seven generators to clinics and San Juan-area hospitals that would otherwise have severely limited or no operating capacity. In addition, we have provided water bladders with a 500-gallon storage capacity to health facilities help increase access to potable water at hard-hit facilities. We are also working with a partner organization to restore internet and communications capabilities for ASPPR and distributing solar lights to clinics. Our team is also looking at how we can support the supply of medications across the island, especially those that require cold storage and transport. As immediate relief efforts begin to shift into recovery, International Medical Corps will support the longer-term needs of health facilities with infrastructure repairs and other assistance. We will be working with an anticipated 20 clinics to rebuild and rehabilitate facility infrastructure, and provide urgently needed grants and resources, helping clinics address their most urgent and pertinent needs. This includes supporting staff, who are overworked and facing the same challenges as the general population – lack of access to electricity and potable water. In addition, we are distributing hygiene kits, wound care kits, solar lights and other supplies that can help families stay healthy in the aftermath of crises. With transportation across Dominica and other Caribbean islands severely limited in the immediate aftermath of the storms, International Medical Corps provided an air bridge with regular flights into Dominica, Antigua, and the British Virgin Islands to transport medical volunteers, first responders, patients, and government officials to the most devastated regions. In addition, these flights were able to transport urgently-needed medical supplies and equipment. The air bridge, which ran from September 29 to October 31, transported 328 people, including Ministry of Health officials, International Medical Corps staff, medical volunteer teams, patients, and other first responders as well as 71,000 pounds of cargo that included medical equipment, specimen samples, and lifesaving relief. Our pharmacists are working with the Ministry of Health and the Pan-American Health Organization (PAHO) to help restore the pharmaceutical supply chain in Dominica. This includes providing critical medicines and medical supplies—known as an International Emergency Health Kit—that we delivered to Dominica to help provide care for up to 10,000 people for three months. These medicines and supplies were distributed to Salibya Health Center, Princess Margaret Hospital, and Newtown health facility. International Medical Corps, in collaboration with Pharmacists Without Borders/Pharmaciens Sans Frontières, is also supporting the Central Medical Store (CMS) of Dominica’s Ministry of Health. Rotating teams of two volunteer pharmacists are assisting the CMS to sort, organize, and inventory medicines and supplies. They have also updated stock records, inventory levels, and established records of medical demand based on consumption. In the coming week, the teams will facilitate pharmaceutical distribution from the CMS to hospitals and clinics, providing supply chain support that will ensure local facilities and communities have access to the care and supplies they need. In addition, International Medical Corps will provide water, sanitation and hygiene services including the rehabilitation of water systems in St. Johns and St. Andrews. We are providing some 70,000 liters of clean water per day for residents, distributing hygiene kits and water storage containers to families, and training community leaders on water testing to help ensure that families and communities are using clean water.  International Medical Corps is also expanding its services to include mental health and psychosocial support, including psychological first aid training for local first responders. At the same time, our team in northern Haiti continues to operate mobile medical units that can respond to flare-ups of cholera—a risk that could increase as a result of heavy rainfall. The team is looking at ways they can plus up support to help prevent a spike in cholera cases and working to identify additional relief that might be needed. An update on the situation in Dominica from International Medical Corps' Director of Emergency Response Every dollar you donate unlocks, on average, an additional $30 in grants from institutions, donated medicines and supplies. International Medical Corps has received tax-exempt status as a publicly supported organization as provided by the Internal Revenue Code under section 501(c) (3) and the California Revenue and Taxation Code Section 23701 (d). International Medical Corps' tax identification number is 95-3949646. Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed by International Medical Corps under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.