Medical Examination
The official site for the Bureau of Consular Affairs. Learn about international travel and getting your U.S. Passport. Get information and resources for students traveling abroad. Learn about getting a U.S. Visa. Learn about the process of adopting a child outside the U.S. Learn how to respond to or prevent an abduction. Citizens of some countries can visit the U.S. without a visa through the Visa Waiver Program For tourism, visiting family, and travel for medical treatment. Brand USA is the official USA travel site Citizens of some countries can travel to the U.S. for temporary business without a visa through the Visa Waiver Program.
For travel to the U.S. to conduct temporary business.
For petition-based, temporary employment in the U.S. For members of the foreign media, press, and radio    Treaty Trader & Investor Visa NAFTA Professional Visa For use by certain teachers, professors, for summer work travel, or other exchanges under approved programs.    Learn about immigration For academic and vocational studies For traveling to the U.S. on an approved exchange program For visiting schools and taking short non-credit courses
See the most current Visa Bulletin Information on traveling through the U.S. to another country. Information for travelers representing a foreign government or international organization. Information for those using the Visa Waiver Program or a Visitor Visa to travel to the U.S. for medical treatment. Information for travel to the U.S. as a crewmember on a ship or aircraft. Information for those temporarily working in the U.S, for a religious organization. The first step in preparing for the medical examination is to determine which doctors in your area are authorized to perform a medical examination for U.S. immigration purposes. The information below shown by  U.S. Embassy and Consulate, provides the authorized physician(s) contact information for you to schedule your medical examination appointment, as well as instructions related to the required medical examination.   U.S. Embassy or Consulate, nearest your residence abroad, where you will apply and be interviewed for your U.S. visa. Find a U.S. Embassy or Consulate in your area The official site for the Bureau of Consular Affairs. Learn about international travel and getting your U.S. Passport. Get information and resources for students traveling abroad. Learn about getting a U.S. Visa. Learn about the process of adopting a child outside the U.S. Learn how to respond to or prevent an abduction. You are about to leave travel.state.gov for an external website that is not maintained by the U.S. Department of State. Links to external websites are provided as a convenience and should not be construed as an endorsement by the U.S. Department of State of the views or products contained therein. If you wish to remain on travel.state.gov, click the "cancel" message. You are about to visit: