Entrance Exam Nepal
We are an free official online MCQs platform for MBBS Doctors. We provide MCQs platform for students of different universities viz. Patan Academy of Health Science (PAHS), Kathmandu School of Medical Science (KUSMS), B.P Koirala Institute of Health Science (BPKIHS) and Institute of Medicine (IOM), Ministry of Education (MOE), Indian Embassy etc. Over 5000 Entrance Exam Questions (Multiple Choice
Questions)
Entrance
examination is the control measure applied to ensure that only students who
qualify or pass certain categories are capable students and admitted to the
college. So we (Entrance Exam Nepal) are providing this platform for the
students to help them in passing this examination. EEN is providing entrance
preparation services to students for all medical related subjects in different
colleges such as Patan Academy of Health Science (PAHS), Kathmandu School of
Medical Science (KUSMS), B.P Koirala Institute of Health Science (BPKIHS) and
Institute of Medicine (IOM), Ministry of Education (MOE), Indian Embassy etc.   If
you want to have a good idea of what’s on the Entrance Exam ahead of time. A
test exam won’t list every single question that actually appears on the real
test. However, you’ll have a better idea of what material will be covered when
you do take the actual Entrance Test. A combination of a good practice test and
close attention to study guides will help you retain more of what you read from
textbooks. An advantage of the practice exam is that the questions address
real-life issues that every Doctor / Nurses / Pharmacists / Dentist aide is
likely to deal with at some point. After looking over the Practice Exam, you
should try to answer each question. The multiple-choice format gives you fairly
challenging choices. Of the choices offered, only one will be the most correct
answer.
A
suggested study practice is to take note of exactly which questions you’ve
missed and write them down. Check your notes and textbook index so you know
where to go look for possible answers.After you’ve studied the areas you’ve
missed, take the practice exam again. When you answer all the questions
correctly, you’ll be more likely to pass with a good score when you take the
real test. Home Courses An online Platform for preparing MBBS entrance exam for universities viz. Patan Academy of Health Science (PAHS), Kathmandu School of Medical Science (KUSMS), B.P Koirala Institute of Health Science (BPKIHS) and Institute of Medicine (IOM), Ministry of Education (MOE), Indian Embassy etc.