Medical - News, Reviews, Features
Medical science has come a long way from tribal shaman dispensing herbs and roots. Having already cured many diseases and conditions that were once a death sentence, medical researchers continue to strive to help us live longer and healthier lives. Great advances are being made in regrowing damaged organs, turning back our biological clocks, and the big one – finding a cure for cancer. A drug developed originally to treat breast cancer and diabetes has been found to offer an unexpected and beneficial side effect. Scientists have discovered a single dose of Trodusquemine​ can completely reverse the effects of atherosclerosis, a disease defined by fatty deposits inside the arteries. Over 65 million years ago, an asteroid wiped out the dinosaurs. Strangely, the legacy of this huge space rock could include a treatment for cancer.
Scientists have demonstrated that iridium – a rare metal delivered to Earth by the asteroid – can kill cancer without harming healthy cells. ​Emergency physician Joshua​ Broder, with the help of a team from Duke University and Stanford University, has created a clip on device that contains a simple $10 microchip that can turn 2D ultrasound images into more detailed 3D versions that rival the quality of imaging from MRI or CT scans.​ Researchers at the University of Rochester have developed a new method for cutting off cancer’s ability to proliferate. The technique blocks proteins that cancer cells use to trigger growth in neighboring healthy cells, and it could lead to a new treatment that cancer can’t develop a resistance to. A new development from scientists at the University of North Carolina and NC State could do away with the need for injections and glucose monitoring​ for diabetics through the use of artificial beta cells that mimic the insulin-secreting function of healthy cells​. An international team, made up of scientists from several different universities, has successfully identified over 100 genetic risk factors that increase a person’s chances of developing three common allergic conditions: asthma, hay fever and eczema.
The immense power of smartphones is enabling clever engineers to develop a myriad of portable technological devices that, until now, were expensive and large. The latest innovation is called the Butterfly iQ, a small ultrasound device that can display clear black-and-white pictures on an iPhone. We are rapidly discovering that the vast community of bacteria that live in our gut are actually playing roles in everything from Multiple Sclerosis to depression. Two new studies have now found connections between the gut microbiome and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and Alzheimer’s disease. ​A new vaccine targeting dozens of new strains of pneumonia could save “hundreds of thousands of lives” according to researchers. Early studies show the new vaccine effectively protects against a variety of bacteria that causes pneumococcal disease including pneumonia, meningitis and sepsis. Researchers at Northwestern University believe they’ve discovered a way to trigger an ancient genetic "kill switch"for cancer. This could lead to a therapy where cancer cells commit suicide, which would be impossible for cancer cells to adapt a resistance to. See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017