Astronomy OLogy
What is Astronomy? Astronomy is the study of the Universe and everything in it, including planets, stars, galaxies, comets, and black holes. It's full of huge distances, gigantic sizes, and long periods of time. It's a BIG subject! How many constellations and planets can you find in the night sky? Record your sightings in a "stellar" journal. Find out what we know about Mars in this online tour of Earth's closest neighbor. Help reporter Stella Stardust interview the planet Mars Do you have what it takes to go on a space mission to Mars? To see what the Big Dipper would look like from outer space, build a mobile! Match these awesome images from the Hubble Space Telescope with their descriptions. Celebrate your cosmic smarts with a solar system of cookies. Decorate your desktop with these starry images! Your address in space is a whole lot longer than your mailing address here on Earth. Find out how the Big Bang Theory came to be. Meet six rocks that travelled to the Museum from places like Mexico, Scotland, and even outer space. What faraway places might humans travel to someday, and how will we get there? In the Milky Way Galaxy alone, there are hundreds of billions of stars. But that hasn't always been the case... Send a note to a friend with these astronomical letterheads. Discover where starry-eyed Neil has followed his curiosity. Find out why a ball thrown in the air will return to the ground.  See the moon in action! And discover why our view of it changes nightly. Find out what makes the Sun glow, and other amazing facts, in an up-close interview with the Sun. Take a virtual tour of our solar system to explore its many mysteries. Size up the planets with a model scavenger hunt. How do you describe your place in the 4th dimension? Mix up some Jell-O, and find out how space bends around anything with mass.  Let your imagination run wild, and write an inspiring work of science fiction. Almost all of the atoms in your body were once inside stars that exploded billions of years ago. Learn more mind-boggling facts. Tour this spinning pinwheel in space that we call home. How much do you really know about our place in space? Take this quiz to find out! Test your starry knowledge in this stellar quiz! Test your knowledge about the things we can't see. Astronomy is a BIG subject. We've brought learning about it down to size with these big ideas.