University of Glasgow - Undergraduate study - Degree programmes A‑Z - Astronomy
Undergraduate  Astronomy is the study of the physical universe, from the Earth and the solar system to galaxies at the edge of the cosmos. Astronomy lectures are complemented by our observatory, planetarium and telescope facilities. We have close links with the Glasgow Science Centre, home to one of the UK’s best planetariums. You will survey the observable universe on all scales: from planets through stars and galaxies to cosmology; and gain a basic understanding of the core theoretical and observational principles of modern astronomy. Typical topics include: dynamical and positional astronomy, observational astronomy, the solar system, the stars, compact objects, and galaxies and cosmology. You will study key aspects of astronomy and astrophysics in greater depth and undergo further training in the use of optical and radio telescopes. Typical topics include: theoretical astrophysics, observational astrophysics, stars and their spectra, and relativity and cosmology. If you progress to Honours (years 3 and 4) Astronomy can only be taken as a Joint Honours degree with either Physics or Mathematics. In Honours your studies will include modern observational methods and you will undertake project work using advanced astronomical instrumentation and data analysis techniques. Your core courses will be supplemented by options enabling you to follow your particular areas of interest. All courses include training in transferable skills such as teamwork, presentation and technical writing.  There is an opportunity to take an MSci degree, which explores astronomy topics in greater depth and includes an individually supervised project working at the cutting edge of international research. Our staff have strong international links across a wide range of research fields. Many of our staff play leading roles in major international research projects, such as the Large Hadron Collider at CERN and the worldwide collaboration searching for gravitational waves. You will have the opportunity to undertake part of your degree abroad. Accepted Science subjects: For applicants whose first language is not English, the University sets a minimum English Language proficiency level. International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Academic module (not General Training): Common equivalent English language qualifications: For international students, the Home Office has confirmed that the University can choose to use TOEFL to make its own assessment of English language ability for visa applications to degree level courses. We therefore still accept TOEFL tests taken in the last two years for admission to this programme. What do I do if... If you require a Tier 4 student visa, your qualification must be one of the secure English language tests accepted by UK Border Agency: The scientific knowledge and mathematical and analytical skills you acquire will equip you to work across a wide range of industries. Many of our graduates choose to continue their studies for a higher degree such as an MSc or a PhD in a specialised area of astronomy, or a related subject, before entering the job market. This degree programme is accredited by the Institute of Physics. When applying you will need to know the UCAS code for the subject or subject-combination that you wish to apply to: We offer a wide range of scholarships to our undergraduates, including both home/EU and international students. The University is committed to supporting students and rewarding academic excellence. That’s why we’ve invested more than £1m in additional scholarship funding in recent years. The College of Science and Engineering is offering ten scholarships worth £10,000 each towards tuition fees for academically excellent students wishing to study an Undergraduate or Postgraduate Taught programme within the College’s programme portfolio. The RUK Excellence Scholarship of £1,000 for each year of study will be awarded to first degree entrants who have attained AAA or better in one sitting at A Level (or equivalent).  In conjunction with GIC we are pleased to reward our best-performing students who finish the Foundation or Pre-masters course with excellent grades and attendance. This is awarded as a one off tuition fee discount of £3,000 The deadlines for applications to Medicine, Vet Medicine and Dentistry is 15 October each year. The deadline for applications to all other degree programmes is 15 January each year. The University of Glasgow does not usually accept any applications after these UCAS deadlines. It is the applicants' responsibility to ensure the accuracy of their application prior to submission, and requests from applicants to correct erroneous application content, change degree programme or change college of entry, will not be accepted after these UCAS deadlines. This policy is in place to ensure fairness and consistency to all applicants, and no exceptions will be made. The University does not frame its offers in terms of UCAS tariff points. If you haven’t yet gained the necessary passes for entry to your chosen subject(s), we may look at the qualifications you are taking when you apply and make you a conditional offer. An interview will be part of the selection process for: Community Development, Dentistry, History of Art & Art-world Practice, Medicine, Music, Nursing, Teaching, and Veterinary Medicine & Surgery. You may also be interviewed if you’re applying for entry into Year 2 in any subject. For Dentistry, Nursing and Veterinary Medicine programmes we are unable to consider applications for deferred entry. In other cases deferring may be possible but it’s not granted automatically. Transfers from another University to the University of Glasgow will only be considered under the following circumstances: Please note that this programme requires ATAS. If you require a visa to study in the UK then you will need to apply for an ATAS certificate before applying for your visa or extension of stay, allowing at least four weeks (20 working days) in order to obtain it. The Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) was introduced on 1 November 2007. It is used to help stop the spread of knowledge and skills that could be used in the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction (WMD) and their means of delivery. This is in common with other governments around the world. The ATAS is designed to ensure that people who are applying to study certain sensitive subjects in the UK do not have links to WMD programmes. Visit our beautiful campus and find out more about your future at Glasgow Undergraduate prospectus 2018 The University of Glasgow is a registered Scottish charity: Registration Number SC004401