Astronomy News & Current Events | Sky & Telescope
Observations from NASA's MAVEN spacecraft reveal that the solar wind causes unexpected interactions with the Red Planet's weak magnetism. It seems like science is increasingly being done with advanced detectors on enormous ground- and space-based telescopes. One might wonder: is there anything left to learn from observations made with digital cameras mounted on ~10-cm telescopes? Just discovered, Comet Heinze (C/2017 T) will zoom by Earth in January and may just show up in your binoculars. This November, the Moon occults two 1st-magnitude stars for much of North America just six days apart. The first occultation happens mostly in early-evening darkness. The second takes place in broad daylight — an extra challenge for the adventurous. Engineers are looking for a way to continue using Curiosity's drill after a 10-month hiatus, but restoring the drill will probably take several more months. As you'll hear in this month's astronomy podcast, Venus and Jupiter are putting on quite a show low in the east before dawn. International Observe the Moon Night gathers people together to observe the Moon and to learn more about it. This year InOMN will be on Saturday, October 28th. An upcoming study will take the old calibration standard of the Moon's brightness to a new level of precision. Telescopes only picked it up a week ago, but it's likely been traveling through interstellar space for millions of years. A professional observatory in Greece has begun recording flashes created when bits of interplanetary debris strike the Moon. See what cosmic dust can do! Head outside this weekend for the peak of the Orionid meteor shower and an eyeful of zodiacal light. You'd think scientists would have Saturn all figured out after watching it up close for 13 years. They don't. Spacetime ripples from the neutron star smash-up usher in the age of multi-messenger astronomy. The detection of a star-forming region 66,500 light-years from Earth, on the other side of our galaxy’s center, lends weight to the existence of an extended arm of the Milky Way. New interpretations of oral accounts by Aboriginal Australians show that they included references to the variability of red giants Antares, Betelgeuse, and Aldebaran. When the distant dwarf planet Haumea briefly slipped in front of a star last January, astronomers found more than they expected. What's your pleasure when it comes to observing? Comets? Supernovae? Occultations? Get a sample of each and more in the upcoming week. Roughly 3.5 billion years ago huge volcanoes released enough gas to cover the Moon with a thin atmosphere that was visible from Earth. We are used to picturing the Moon as a quiet place of “magnificent desolation,” its otherworldly peace disturbed only by the occasional meteorite impact or rare terrestrial spacecraft landing. But 3 or… The close pass of near-Earth asteroid 2012 TC4 this week will give NASA a chance to test planetary-defense coordination. What happens in the extreme environments of globular clusters when a star and a binary system meet? A team of scientists has new ideas about how these objects can deform, change their paths, spiral around each other, and merge. Nicki Viall, a heliophysicist at Goddard Space Flight Center, shares her excitement over the Parker Solar Probe — the spacecraft that will allow scientists to "touch" the Sun. Be sure to set the alarm so you don't miss the squeaky-tight conjunction of Venus and Mars Thursday morning. They'll stay close through the weekend. The launch of Sputnik 1, Earth's first artificial satellite, paved the way for Moonwalking astronauts, robotic exploration of the planets, and space tourism. Three American physicists have received the Nobel Prize in physics for their contributions to the discovery of gravitational waves. Here’s an opportunity for amateurs to help improve our understanding of Neptune’s moon Triton. Sky and Telescope’s beloved Earth Globe is now available in a smaller 6-inch size! The detailed globe includes a freestanding base and information card filled with key features. Hold the whole world in your hands today!