Astronomy and Computing - Journal - Elsevier
Search in: Due to migration of article submission systems, please check the status of your submitted manuscript in the relevant system below: AudioSlides are short, 5-minute presentations in which the author explains their paper in their own words. This feature allows readers to access FITS files at the specific place in the article where the data is mentioned, placing valuable data in the right context.
This journal supports two general general purpose 3D viewers, visualizing U3D and OBJ/PLY models. These applications apear inside the online article and allows readers to interactively explore 3D models. This application allows readers to interactively explore MATLAB figures submitted with the article, and to download the original data files. This application lets readers explore data and other quantitative results submitted with the article, providing insights into and access to data that is otherwise buried in plots.
The journal is open to a broad range of contributions about the use of computing used in astronomy. It accepts regular scientific articles and review articles, but will also consider manuscripts on new software and data releases of astronomical surveys, and "reports on practice" which describe the outcomes (positive and negative) of the practical application of informatics techniques within astronomy research and operations. In general, manuscripts should make a valuable contribution to the field and should display an appropriate familiarity with previous work in the area and alternative approaches to the same problem. Providing a sustainable link to data or source code is strongly encouraged. All manuscripts are subject to peer-review. The journal welcomes contributions on a variety of topics including: Why publish in Astronomy and Computing
Some elements of the research cycle deserve more attention than they usually get. Think data, software, materials and methods – what happens to these when your research project is finished?