Astronomy | HowStuffWorks
Follow us Facebook YouTube Twitter Pinterest Astronomy is a broad discipline covering all facets of astrophysics. In this section you can learn about the origins of the universe, black holes and other astronomical phenomena. Icy Comets Orbiting a Star Like Our Sun Spotted for the First Time The Hitomi Satellite Briefly Glimpsed the Universe, Then Died — What Happened? Kilonovas Are Some of the Biggest, Baddest Stellar Blasts in Space Why Are Planets Almost Spherical? Why not cylindrical? Or even cube-shaped? Things are getting a little more interesting out in Pluto's neighborhood. Get ready for the most powerful electromagnetic explosion the universe has ever known. Every autumn, Earth passes through a stream of debris left by Halley's Comet, resulting in nighttime meteor showers in mid-October. Drop your keys and grab your skis. There's fresh Martian powder out there, as new NASA photos reveal in stunning detail. On Friday, Sept. 1, a large asteroid named Florence will zip by at a distance of about 4.4 million miles (7 million kilometers) — a tiny distance relative to the entirety of the universe. You probably have several pairs of eclipse glasses left over from the big total solar eclipse. Don't trash them — recycle, reuse or donate them instead. The first total solar eclipse to cross the United States in almost 100 years leaves the country mesmerized. After all, it's not just the light that changes when the moon passes in front of the sun. And don't worry. Even if NASA misses, we'll be fine. Small towns in Idaho, Nebraska and Illinois are trying to figure out how to handle an unknown number of eclipse-trippers. Estimates range from 40,000 to 80,000 visitors. All of a sudden that longed-for moon base doesn't seem quite so far-fetched. Check out this video of what astronauts in space see as the shadow of the moon crosses our planet. The total solar eclipse will be visible across North America on Aug. 21. Here's some information on how to view it safely, and what scientists may learn from it. Everyone's favorite ice giant is weird in more ways than one. Brown University researchers have found evidence that in its distant past, Mars experienced 500-mph cyclones that rolled sideways across the planet's surface. Astronomers have discovered a life-giving chemical in a star system located 400 light-years away. Now we just have to wait and see what arises from the cosmic mix. New Jupiter information gathered by NASA's Juno space probe is in, and it reveals that the solar system's biggest world has surprising features that may alter our concept of how gas giants work. A beautiful ribbon of light in the nighttime sky is generating a lot of talk — and some mystery, too. The strange forces at work on Saturn's largest moon would make for some sweet sand castles.
We might be only a few years away from seeing whether potentially habitable worlds are inhabited. How cool is that? And solving that issue could go a long way toward making our planetary neighbor habitable. Energized subatomic particles bombarding Earth from outer space can cause the electronics inside laptops, cell phones and other devices to crash. Say hello to the newly discovered TRAPPIST-1 system, which is just 39 light-years away and filled with seven Earth-like planets. Scientists have a new idea, and it has to do with gravitational attraction and repulsion.
When Is — and Isn't — Crime Considered Terrorism? Why the Taj Mahal Is Inspiring Protests and Controversy in India How the Mighty Thor Busted Into Comic Books and the Big Screen Advertise With Us Newsletter
Get the best of HowStuffWorks by email. Keep up to date on: Sign Up Now!