Astronomy: Discovering the Universe | Open2Study
Through Open Universities Australia (OUA) you can study
undergraduate and postgraduate courses from leading
Australian universities online, fitting study around your
work and family commitments. And you'll graduate with the
same degree as an on-campus student.
e3Learning is a leader in professional training and development.
Offering induction training, compliance training, real-time reporting
and contractor management systems, e3Learning makes it easier for
businesses to bring greater productivity and accountability to their workforces.
Sign in with
Register What was the Big Bang? How do black holes work? Could there be life elsewhere in the Universe? In this course we’ll address those topics, as well as gaining some insight into how great scientific discoveries were made, and what's involved in scientific research. What was the Big Bang? How do black holes work? Could there be life elsewhere in the Universe? In this course we’ll address those topics, as well as gaining some insight into how great scientific discoveries were made, and what's involved in scientific research. We'll also look at the vital role that new technology plays in scientific discoveries. We'll talk to scientists about their role in the development of largest telescope in the history of astronomy: the Square Kilometre array. This course requires approximately 2 - 4 hours of study per week, but can vary depending on the student. This includes watching videos, and taking quizzes and assessments. The total video time for this course is approximately 2 hours 42 minutes.
If you pass this course you'll receive a Certificate of Achievement. While this certificate isn't a formal qualification or credit, you can use it to demonstrate your interest in learning about this area to potential employers or educational institutions.
If you love this course, why not take your studies further? Here are some accredited qualifications that could help you achieve your goals. If you're wondering what your future could look like in this area, here are some potential careers you could head towards. John is a researcher and lecturer at Curtin University. Curtin University's astronomy research is highly focussed on the international effort to build the most powerful radio telescope ever: the Square Kilometre Array. John is a researcher and lecturer at Curtin University. Curtin University's astronomy research is highly focussed on the international effort to build the most powerful radio telescope ever: the Square Kilometre Array. In addition to his research, John also teaches introductory astronomy. He has a strong background in science communication and is passionate about making his subject accessible to everyone.