CMA Awards apologizes, says reporters won’t be kicked out for asking questions about guns - The Washington Post
The inside track on Washington politics.
*Invalid email address (This post has been updated below with CMA’s apology on Friday afternoon that lifts restrictions.) However, next week, the industry’s biggest stars will attend the Country Music Association Awards (the genre’s most prominent televised event) and walk the red carpet and talk to press. So on Thursday, CMA organizers took preventive measures and advised reporters to stay away from sensitive topics, or they could be removed by security. The memo added, “If you are reported as straying from these guidelines, your credential will be reviewed and potentially revoked via security escort.” The rules immediately made the rounds on social media. On Friday morning, CMAs co-host Brad Paisley expressed his disappointment in the new policy: I'm sure the CMA will do the right thing and rescind these ridiculous and unfair press guidelines. In 3…2….1….. Maren Morris, nominated for three CMA awards this year, also weighed in, along with previous CMA nominee Cam: Country music has always been about the truth. Out of respect for the Las Vegas victims, let’s keep it that way. Shortly after Paisley’s tweet, the CMAs released a statement apologizing for the rules and retracted its policy. “CMA apologizes for the recently distributed restrictions in the CMA Awards media guidelines, which have since been lifted,” the organization said in a statement. “The sentiment was not to infringe and was created with the best of intentions to honor and celebrate Country Music.” Paisley responded: Bravo CMA awards for doing the right thing & apologizing for this mistake. All are welcome, let's have a great show. Such strict general guidelines might sound surprising, but country singers tried very hard this past year to stay politically neutral. Only a handful of Nashville stars endorsed a presidential candidate or talked candidly about the election. Industry insiders still cite the Dixie Chicks (who criticized George W. Bush in 2003 and were basically blacklisted from the format) as the reason country artists are fearful of speaking up about divisive subjects, particularly given that much of their fan base leans conservative. The genre also has close ties to the National Rifle Association through its lifestyle brand, NRA Country, which partners with lots of Nashville singers. Plus, many country artists feel they don’t have the authority to say anything about such a complicated topic — or they believe that their job is to provide an escape for fans, who have no desire to hear about politics from entertainers. Read more:  ‘I cannot express how wrong I was’: Country guitarist changes mind on gun control after Las Vegas Hundreds of miles from Las Vegas, Nashville grapples with a shocking tragedy Should country singers speak up about politics and Trump? We asked them.