gilded : politics
use the following search parameters to narrow your results: see the search faq for details. advanced search: by author, subreddit... 3 Nov - 12am EST 4 Nov - 11am EST 6 Nov - 12pm EST 7 Nov - 1pm EST 11 Nov - 11am EST 13 Nov - 12pm EST the front page of the internet. and subscribe to one of thousands of communities. gildings in this subreddit have paid for 9.61 years of server time I'm going through some pretty stressful shit personally, but it makes me feel a bit better to know that my feelings of anxiety pale in comparison to the utter terror that some of these assholes must be feeling.
Edit: Fuck, you guys are going to make me cry at work being all wholesome and supportive like that. You're good dudes, internet strangers! And yes, we will all be fine (Except Trump, Manafort, Sessions, Kushner, etc.....) If Titanic were the US govt going down, this is the scene where they are playing with the ice on deck. I will never forget just how tone deaf the Trumps were on this one.
The brother (forget which one), said that Ivanka would never tolerate sexual harassment because she is a strong woman. Made me furious.
I'm a woman.
I have tolerated sexual harassment at work.
Why?
Is it because I am weak?
No.
See my daddy is not a billionaire.
That means that in order to have food, shelter, and heat in winter, I needed to keep my fucking job.
Which also meant I had to weakly tolerate (in my weakness) my boss insisting I fuck him. Anyway, these people are the all-time champions of tone-deaf quotes.
*Edit:
This was 15 years ago. I was 20 years old and out in my own for the first time in a huge city far from my family. My abuser was the owner of the restaurant, so I didn't have the option of reporting him. Thanks for the links to various websites on how to deal with him. That would have surely been something I could have read in 2001.
I'm glad for the tips of how i could've gotten a huge pay out from a man who himself lived in a studio apartment. Thanks guys! How could I have been so silly to have not dealt with this by just fighting it?
One of the world's greatest memories, folks.
Hey community, I try really hard to bring a lot of variety to our AMAs. Doctors, and lawyers, and business executives. College professors and small-town mayors and presidential candidates and senators. I try to entice people from many corners of the political spectrum. I've booked H.A. Goodman, and I've also booked Roger Stone. Sorry/not sorry about both of those. But as we go on, I am having a significantly harder time booking more conservative guests. It's not for lack of me trying. It's also not due to the admittedly liberal front page, many publicists tend to know how the vote system works. It is, plain and simple, due to the way that conservative AMA hosts are treated in the comments. Rick Wilson is gonna be here Tuesday at 1pm. He's a prominent anti-Trump conservative commentator. I strongly disagree with most things he has to say. But he's really chill in email, he's a nice guy. I'm helping him set up right now. I hope that when he's here, you can try to take a page out of my book. Value AMA variety, integrity and quality more than you value having a vent. This program is hard work for me personally, but I want to make it the best it can be. I can't do it without your help. She controlled all messaging out of the dnc. So when the dnc sent messages to super delegates saying they needed to support Hillary because only she could beat trump, that message originated from Hillary. Hillary was then able to turn around and claim that Bernie couldn't beat trump as use the support of all the super delegates as confirmation. She controlled the timing and frequency of the debates. When she realized her numbers dropped after every debate she was able to limit the debates and schedule them during major football games and holiday weekends. She even canceled some around April / May that she had agreed to because Bernie was closing in, then the DNC did nothing to enforce her debate agreement - no we know it's because she commanded them not to. I could go on and on. The ability to control both sides of the conversation is devestatibg. The fact that Bernie still came within 6% of winning despite all of this is amazing. We now know for an absolute fact that both Trump and Sessions were directly made aware that people within the campaign were talking to Russia and actively seeking to set up further meetings with Russia to get ahold of negative HRC info. First, we were told that no conversations with Russians EVER happened. Then, we were told that some conversations might have happened but they were just standard campaign conversations putting out feelers to foreign governments for future diplomatic purposes. If this were the case, why did Trump, Sessions, etc. all feel the need to lie about these conversations?
I'll tell you why. They knew the conversations with Russians were extensive, they knew what they were doing was illegal, and they hoped that no one would ever find out.
This is why this administration is terrified of Bob Mueller. Bob Mueller has come in on the wings of a bald eagle and is ready to serve up a hot steaming plate of justice.
edit: thanks for the gold!!! what an incredible week we've had, lads.
Because you don't want to convict John Gotti for stealing cars, if you can get him for murder instead. I just want to take this opportunity to thank the alt left for making President Trump happen. Please enjoy the next seven years.
MAGA! Edit: Thank you! All that's really alleged here is that the DNC ran out of money, they approached Clinton's campaign for a loan, the campaign agreed but wanted some control over staffing certain DNC posts and how the DNC managed it's finances. Which -- okay?
I'm not sure what's so shady about asking for some oversight when someone approaches wanting a bailout. [–]Fuckputinsbitchass [score hidden] 5 minutes ago
Look into this poster's history. 24 hours dedicated to spamming this article Every link is at zero and every comment is "how dare they bury this" If he suddenly disappeared it would be hard not to assume he had just accidentally locked himself in a car somewhere.
I can totally see him pulling off a very special episode of Punky Brewster and losing a fight with an abandoned refrigerator.
Edit : Aww shucks. Thanks much.
fuck off So there was collusion in the room but he didn't inhale. If they aren't going to pay taxes then churches need to stay the fuck out of politics. The only way trump can make his wife orgasm is threatening to divorce her. Scroll down to the activity by time of day metric if you're curious as to why this is being pushed so hard. EDIT: And check out the daily tweet count metric and convert it to the 30-day view. Notice the massive spike corrisponding to this week's developments. They subscribe to the idea the best defense is a good offense, it seems. I'm leaving this here for everyone quitting Yuengling https://www.unionplus.org/blog/union-made/union-made-beer I think he should resign because he's an unqualified moron in charge of our nuclear arsenal
But that's none of my business Edit: Thanks for the gold, my first gilding!! This is absolutely over blown. Clinton AND Sanders both had these financial agreements with the DNC. He made the decision not to utilize it. She has fundraised millions upon millions of dollars for the DNC and worked her knowledge of everything to her advantage.
Sanders isn't a Democrat, he was ALLOWED to run on he ticket, but shock of shocks that a Democrat powerhouse who has fundraised 10's of millions (if not more) of dollars for the DNC was shown favoritism. The DNC is also a private organization, which people seem to forget... Nothing was "rigged." Votes weren't manipulated, she still beat him handily. ETA: I'll be the happiest woman alive the day I don't have to hear the words Sanders, Clinton, Trump, and election used in context ever again. ETA: thank you for the gold, anonymous friend You know what? Yes. Let's clean house. Let's get our priorities in order. Let's use this opportunity to bring uncomfortable stuff out in the light and get ourselves together, at long last. (I still think Donna Brazile is a self-serving dipshit, but sometimes even self-serving dipshits have a purpose.) REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. Advertise - lifestyles