Politics & Policy - The Atlantic
The Future of the American Idea
The attorney general’s sworn testimony before the Senate is at odds with other accounts. In 2013, Tania Georgelas traveled to Syria with her husband and children to join ISIS. Today, she attends a Unitarian church outside of Dallas. Even as he admits he’s not supposed to interfere with the Justice Department, the president just can’t help himself. Congress has all the necessary elements for a perfect storm of predation. After the island’s power company canceled the controversial Whitefish contract, there are several federal inquiries into that contract and another $200 million deal with an Oklahoma-based company. Behind the special counsel’s big news this week, there has also been an explosion of evidence pointing to Moscow’s role in the presidential race. A candidate who dismissed boasts of sexual assault as “locker room talk” will now serve as president. A crop of court cases could change the relationship between the United States and its territories. The immigration lottery epitomizes how far U.S. policies have drifted from any purpose. The conservative billionaire distances himself from the right-wing provocateur, whose reputation has been sullied by reports outlining his ties to white nationalists. With the Trump administration refusing to promote open enrollment for the Affordable Care Act, a cadre of former Obama officials steps in to fill the void—with an assist from the ex-president himself.
The attorney general’s sworn testimony before the Senate is at odds with other accounts.
Activists are disrupting lectures to protest "white supremacy," but many students are taking steps to stop them. But many students found the video so egregious that they opposed its very presence in class. “That’s like somebody … making a song just littered with the n-word everywhere,” a member of Reedies Against Racism (RAR) told the student newspaper when asked about Martin’s performance. She told me more: The Egyptian garb of the backup dancers and singers—many of whom are African American—“is racist as well. The gold face of the saxophone dancer leaving its tomb is an exhibition of blackface.” Even as he admits he’s not supposed to interfere with the Justice Department, the president just can’t help himself. The good news is President Trump is increasingly aware of important norms constraining presidential misbehavior. The bad news is that isn’t stopping him from transgressing them. But you know, the saddest thing is, because I am the president of the United States, I am not supposed to be involved with the Justice Department. I’m not supposed to be involved with the FBI. I’m not supposed to be doing the kind of things I would love to be doing and I am very frustrated by it. I look at what’s happening with the Justice Department, why aren’t they going after Hillary Clinton with her emails and with her dossier, and the kind of money … I don’t know, is it possible that they paid $12.4 million for the dossier … which is total phony, fake, fraud, and how is it used? It’s very discouraging to me. I’ll be honest, I’m very unhappy with it, that the Justice Department isn’t going … maybe they are but you know as president, and I think you understand this, as a president you’re not supposed to be involved in that process. In 2013, Tania Georgelas traveled to Syria with her husband and children to join ISIS. Today, she attends a Unitarian church outside of Dallas. The story of Tania Georgelas and her husband John unfolded across four continents, but it is one of the most American stories I have ever heard. Stop me if this one is familiar: John, a Texan from a wealthy Christian family, converted to Islam as a teenager and 13 years later ascended to the high echelons of the Islamic State. In London, along the way, he married Tania, a native-born Muslim with ambitions of becoming a suicide bomber. They had four kids, and together they fantasized about becoming a family of itinerant holy warriors, a sort of Islamic version of the Von Trapps, substituting slaughter of infidels for Alpine showtunes. In 2013, they went to Syria, hoping to make it into ISIS territory. Only John succeeded. He will probably die there. In February, the president was asked a series of questions about his campaign’s contacts with Russia. His answers don’t hold up. Shortly after Donald Trump was inaugurated, he gave a press conference in which he addressed subjects including the probe into Russia’s role in the 2016 election. Americans should go back and reflect on the remarks that he delivered. They constitute a betrayal of leadership more serious than most realized at the time. When Trump spoke, the probe was old news. The FBI had launched its investigation the previous summer, declaring that the hack of Democratic National Committee emails was an intrusion that “we take very seriously.” Today, that FBI probe has been taken over by Robert Mueller and joined by several congressional inquiries, which are championed by the president’s opponents. Many of them hope it uncovers collusion on the part of his campaign and triggers his impeachment. How did a proposal to simplify the tax code become such a mess? Blame its first principles. So far, it sounds like the most predictable Republican plan imaginable. The former DNC chair seems eager to jump on the Bernie Sanders bandwagon, but her claims of ignorance about party favoritism toward Hillary Clinton don’t add up. After the island’s power company canceled the controversial Whitefish contract, there are several federal inquiries into that contract and another $200 million deal with an Oklahoma-based company. Puerto Rico’s crumbling, aging electrical grid was at the heart of the island’s crippling debt and infrastructure problems even before Hurricanes Irma and Maria slammed into it over a month ago. But now, in the wake of recent scandals over contractors hired to fix that very grid, some experts expect the timeline for full recovery to last well into next year. The ex-wife of the highest-ranking American member of ISIS reckons with her extremist past and attempts to build a new life. Some people who have to be responsible for their siblings or parents as children grow up to be compulsive caretakers. Laura Kiesel was only 6 years old when she became a parent to her infant brother. At home, his crib was placed directly next to her bed, so that when he cried at night, she was the one to pick him up and sing him back to sleep. She says she was also in charge of changing his diapers and making sure he was fed every day. For the majority of her early childhood, she remembers, she tended to his needs while her own mother was in the depths of heroin addiction. Palliative-care doctors explain the “existential slap” that many people face at the end. I don’t know exactly when my mother, who eventually died of metastatic breast cancer, encountered her existential crisis. But I have a guess: My parents waited a day after her initial diagnosis before calling my brother, my sister, and me. They reached me first. My father is not a terribly calm man, but he said, very calmly, something to this effect: “Your mother has been diagnosed with breast cancer.”
In February, the president was asked a series of questions about his campaign’s contacts with Russia. His answers don’t hold up.
The ex-wife of the highest-ranking American member of ISIS reckons with her extremist past and attempts to build a new life.
In 2013, Tania Georgelas traveled to Syria with her husband and children to join ISIS. Today, she attends a Unitarian church outside of Dallas.
House Republicans unveiled their new tax bill, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions appeared to contradict his testimony before Congress in June.
Even as he admits he’s not supposed to interfere with the Justice Department, the president just can’t help himself.
Congress has all the necessary elements for a perfect storm of predation.
After the island’s power company canceled the controversial Whitefish contract, there are several federal inquiries into that contract and another $200 million deal with an Oklahoma-based company.
Behind the special counsel’s big news this week, there has also been an explosion of evidence pointing to Moscow’s role in the presidential race.
On what it means to stand for America, and to sacrifice for it
The conservative billionaire distances himself from the right-wing provocateur, whose reputation has been sullied by reports outlining his ties to white nationalists.
The immigration lottery epitomizes how far U.S. policies have drifted from any purpose.
The former DNC chair seems eager to jump on the Bernie Sanders bandwagon, but her claims of ignorance about party favoritism toward Hillary Clinton don’t add up.
Once a staunch defender of Muslim Americans and a fierce critic of Trump, the South Carolina senator now endorses the president’s approach to combating terror.
Calls to declare Sayfullo Saipov an enemy combatant and send him to Guantanamo threaten the Constitution while doing nothing to advance public safety.
With the Trump administration refusing to promote open enrollment for the Affordable Care Act, a cadre of former Obama officials steps in to fill the void—with an assist from the ex-president himself.
A new report shows how far the rest of the U.S. has to go to catch up on bail reform.
Dividing Americans into groups of winners and losers almost always backfires.
Let’s take another whack at whether the right word to describe the tribal divisions now on display in Congress is…
If Trump wants to name the tax bill, let him do it.
Senator Chuck Schumer responded to criticism from President Trump over his role in creating the diversity visa program, which is how Sayfullo Saipov entered the U.S.
Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price.
TheAtlantic.com Copyright (c) 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.