Politics | Breaking Political News, Headlines & Opinion | Fox News
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. President Trump took to his newly reactivated Twitter page Friday morning to tout revelations from a key Democratic Party insider about Hillary Clinton’s alleged backroom deals and to call for the Justice Department to launch an investigation into a series of scandals touching upon the party and its 2016 stand bearer. A television ad depicting supporters of Virginia governor hopeful Ed Gillespie as Confederates who attack minority children has been pulled amid a terror attack in New York City. The allegations by Donna Brazile not only asserted that the Democratic National Committee helped rig last year’s presidential primary in favor of Clinton over Vermont Sen. Bernie ... Candidates are spending the final days of the gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey battling over illegal immigration and sanctuary cities as voters head to the polls ... Three congressional Republicans introduced a resolution Friday calling for the resignation of special counsel Robert Mueller from the Russia collusion probe, amid revelations that ... President Trump made it clear on Friday that he’s not happy with the Justice Department and hinted that Attorney General Jeff Sessions could be out of a job if he didn’t start ... WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration on Friday accused lawyers for the American Civil Liberties Union of misleading the administration in the case of a pregnant immigrant teen ... WASHINGTON -- A lockdown at the White House has been lifted and one person is in custody Friday morning after reports of "suspicious activity" along the North fence line of the 18-... WASHINGTON-- Legislation providing five more years of financing for an expired children's health program moved near House passage on Friday. President Trump embarked on a 13-day trip Friday, with the first stop in Hawaii, ahead of his visit to five major Asian countries, in his longest overseas trip to date amid the ... Senate Democrats want Attorney General Jeff Sessions to testify before Congress about why he failed to disclose a March 2016 meeting with then-candidate Donald Trump and members of ... After North Korea launched its first successful intercontinental ballistic missile, Kim Jong Un doesn’t want to back down. Ivanka has become something of a fashion and feminist icon in Japan since her father’s election to the presidency last November. In Japan, the eldest Trump daughter is seen as an ... For many Americans, an effective antidote to despair is faith and community. It’s been 360 days since the presidential election, but even still President Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton haven’t stopped their bickering. Wanna get away? No. This isn’t a Southwest Airlines advertisement where a man mistakenly climbs into an Uber – which turns out to be the getaway car for a pair of bank robbers. It’... The former campaign manager for Sen. Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign said he had no idea that Hillary Clinton's campaign was effectively running the Democratic National ... President Trump said Friday that the Department of Justice should investigate Hillary Clinton's hijacking of the Democratic National Committee after Donna Brazile revealed that her ... President Trump took to his newly reactivated Twitter page Friday morning to tout revelations from a key Democratic Party insider about Hillary Clinton’s alleged backroom deals and ... Nancy Pelosi is running away from impeachment. Proponents of amnesty for illegal immigrants point to President Reagan as an iconic conservative leader who supported a path to legal status for such individuals in the Immigration ... This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.