Politics News – the latest from Al Jazeera
Humanitarian crises A photo roundup of some of last week's events, including demonstrations in Barcelona and an air strike in Yemen. Opinion Special series Qatar UpFront It is just 67 words long, but the Balfour Declaration has led to 100 years of suffering for the Palestinians. All the latest updates as Catalan parliament declares independence and Spain approves direct rule over the region. Canada's government says it will attempt to boost the Canadian economy by welcoming nearly one million immigrants over the next three years.
That's a boost of more than 10 percent on current figures. The US Congress is beginning to examine the official response to Hurricane Maria.
But there are accusations they only want to hear from those who give Trump's administration a positive review and not, specifically, Carmen Cruz. Canada's first visible-minority party leader is being defined by the turban he wears, not the passport he carries. Lawyers from Facebook, Twitter and Google have revealed the social media posts they say Russia used to try to sway last year's US presidential election. Rich gulf countries are being warned that the future is bleak unless they diversify and become less reliant on oil. In the letter, Balfour expressed his support for "the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people". The street artist Banksy has marked the 100th anniversary of the Balfour Declaration, that led to the creation of Israel, in his own unique way. Hamas surrendered its control of the checkpoints following a deal with the PA-ruled Fatah political party, reached in the latest round of Egypt-brokered reconciliation talks in Cairo on October 12. The anniversary comes amid calls by Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt for its closure. At least 50 people have been killed in political violence in Kenya since August's annulled poll. Promoted anti-Qatar ads by anonymous accounts on Twitter are receiving flak from users of the platform.
Kurdish forces have recently lost 40 percent of the area they had taken in fight against ISIL, as Iraqi forces moved in. President Uhuru Kenyatta, winner of the elections with 98 percent of the vote, says he expects victory to be challenged.
© 2017 Al Jazeera Media Network