Politics - Alaska Dispatch News
Alaska's congressional delegation is hoping the Republican tax plan could offer an opportunity not realized in nearly four decades of trying.
The governor will join the president's trade mission to Asia in hopes of striking a deal with Chinese companies on the state’s $43 billion gas-export project. Numerous Alaskans testified Thursday before a U.S. Senate committee run by Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski about what it would mean to open the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas drilling. The Legislature is debating whether to reverse parts of Senate Bill 91 in the face of public skepticism. Doing so, however, could put nearly 300 more people in prison and cost $4 million a year. Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski is bringing together a slew of Alaskans, mostly pro-drilling, to testify at a Senate hearing about what it would mean to open up the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas drilling. Revenue from the proposed tax would be dedicated to funding substance abuse treatment and similar projects.
Alaska's governor has created a new climate leadership team, but his order doesn't take any immediate steps to address the effects of climate change in Alaska communities. Congressional Republicans counting on a $1 billion windfall from selling oil-drilling rights in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to help pay for tax cuts may be in for a disappointment.
Alaska Gov. Bill Walker announced a new executive-branch initiative to fight crime and pushed back against calls for deeper spending cuts, saying: "We cannot cut our way to a safer Alaska." Former House Speaker John Boehner told a doozy of a story about Alaska's congressman in an interview with Politico Magazine.
Young was angered over Boehner's constant fighting against earmarks, the former House speaker said in an interview. The Alaska senator is looking for corporate tax cuts and nabbing more funding from states with high income taxes. The Alaska senator hasn't decided whether he will support an incremental bill aimed at shoring up the nation's individual health insurance markets. In this week's roundup, we break down the glacial pace of the Legislature's special session, dig into travel by some state appointees and a state corporation, and report a fine levied against the political committee of an Anchorage lawmaker. Young’s spokesman Matt Shuckerow told Alaska Dispatch News that Young was not paid for his role in the ad. The two Alaskans were invited to the president's speech on combating the nation's growing drug problem.
Defenders of SB 91 said the public response to increasing crime rates is legitimate. But they’re at odds with their peers over how lawmakers should react.
Alaska lawmakers could see a 10 percent pay cut and a major reduction in their daily expense checks under a new proposal. Boosted fees at some of the nation's most-visited national parks would address some of the service's major maintenance funding shortfalls.
Alaska House members are already so divided over the legislation to scale back last year’s big criminal justice reform overhaul that they can’t even agree on a schedule for debating it — let alone on what’s in it.