BuzzFeed Politics
In 1967, the 25th Amendment was added to the Constitution, meant to formalize a process for what happens if a president dies in office or becomes disabled — after more than a century of presidents suffering from life-threatening conditions and even undergoing secret surgeries. But the 25th Amendment is more complicated than it sounds. BlackMattersUS, a social media campaign believed to be Russians meddling in US politics, promoted the march in the days after the 2016 election. The war-room mentality on display in June, when James Comey testified before Congress, was nowhere to be seen or heard Monday as indictments landed. The long history of Paul Manafort and Rick Gates's work abroad. Over the past two years, Ryan has repeatedly emphasized a policy agenda over all else, even when major news breaks. Kevin de León's campaign said the departures, including of one longtime aide, reflect the California political class not wanting his bid to succeed. “He’s been told to wait his turn. It’s part of that mentality of folks who like things the way they are," said a spokesperson. A Facebook page linked to Russia helped organize anti-Trump rallies in Charlotte and New York. The long, unusual, political story behind the man who's breaking all kinds of news these days, from Fox News to Harvey Weinstein. A prominent campus organization says it's tried and failed to RSVP to a campus lecture with ex-FBI Director James Comey. They accuse Howard University’s administration of keeping them out by making the gathering too small, screening guests, and curating questions. The school says admittance was done on a first-come, first-serve basis. A Bannon ally fires back: “It saddens me to watch McConnell’s henchmen share notes with Sherrod Brown.” "Trump is treason!" “DEAR RACISTS IN AMERICA,” began one Instagram meme shared by the now-suspended account @Native_Americans_United, which is believed to be connected to a Russian troll farm. The Breakthrough Fund is backing four candidates this fall, including Democrat Danica Roem in Virginia, who’s trying to beat a Republican behind the state’s anti-transgender bathroom bill. ”Some state parties are pretty on top of it. On the other end of the scale — and I'm not gonna name names — there are definitely state parties that will get on the phone with me and I'll be like, 'Wait, what?’” Democratic Rep. John Conyers, the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee, says the NFL’s backing of a sentencing bill isn’t really getting at the heart of what the players have protested on the field: police violence. Rumors flew on Thursday in Las Vegas, where still divided progressive and establishment Democrats are meeting, over a list of proposed DNC at-large members. And on Saturday, Leah Daughtry addressed the rumor specifically. The president's pardon "does not erase a judgment of conviction, or its underlying legal and factual findings," a federal judge ruled. The Republican governor of Ohio huddled Thursday with national security and foreign policy leaders in Columbus, sources said. “For any group to collude to take advantage of the pain & anguish that African Americans — or any group — are experiencing in this country in order to sow further discord is disappointing & revolting.” Criminal justice was a major focus of a recent meeting in New York City between high-profile players in the NFL community. Meanwhile, the league hopes its support for sentencing reform will encourage an end to players’ kneeling. Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt and Google general counsel Kent Walker have given to senators on one of the committees investigating Russian meddling during the election. Google confirmed that representatives for the company will testify on Capitol Hill in November. The senator warned against "refusing the obligations of international leadership" and made reference to a Nazi slogan. A former Obama administration official called the statement "a fucking lie." Bannon's website, Breitbart, ran stories about senators mocking Barack Obama during his presidency. Robert Pruett has maintained his innocence in the 1999 murder of Texas corrections officer Daniel Nagle. BuzzFeed News received an unsigned response: “AWSM has not released a statement on Jemele Hill.” The National Association of Black Journalists has not as an organization commented on the suspension of Jemele Hill, one of the most prominent black journalists in sports — but the leader of NABJ's group dedicated to sports says he disagrees with ESPN's decision. The 2016 Democratic presidential nominee said she was "appalled" by the allegations, while Obama said he and his wife were "disgusted." ESPN suspended Hill for two weeks on Monday, saying that she had violated the company's social media guidelines.
© 2017
BuzzFeed, Inc