Connecticut Politics - Hartford Courant
In an effort to keep the Connecticut Television Network on the air, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy said Friday he would divert $400,000 in executive branch funding to the network if the legislature and judicial branch made similar commitments.
“Just as we have worked together in recent years to accomplish... In a highly unusual move, the Justice Department asked the Supreme Court on Friday to discipline lawyers for the American Civil Liberties Union because they helped a 17-year old migrant obtain an abortion two weeks ago.
The move escalates a legal battle over abortion that arose when Trump administration... As hordes of progressives make plans to scream helplessly at the sky Wednesday to protest the one-year anniversary of Donald Trump’s election, the influential Democrats whose strategic missteps and disconnectedness to the electorate helped deliver his victory have other plans.
The operatives and... U.S. employment snapped back last month after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma depressed payrolls in September, suggesting that the long expansion in the labor market remains solid, according to government data released Friday.
The nation’s jobless rate fell a notch further in October, to a 17-year low... Only hours before a highly important vote on the new, $41.3 billion state budget, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy raised major questions about potential problems with the language on hospital financing.
Malloy’s budget director, Ben Barnes, said the legal language in the budget bill had so many problems... Lawmakers say their plan to raise the cigarette tax by 45 cents per pack will encourage people to quit smoking.
But the Connecticut lobbyist for the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network blasted the plan, saying the increase is too small to have a positive impact on public health.
“Small... Shelton Mayor Mark Lauretti has raised more than $270,000 in small donations for his gubernatorial bid, enough to qualify for a matching grant from the state’s Citizens Election Program, his campaign announced Wednesday.
Lauretti, a Republican, is the second candidate to qualify for a taxpayer-financed... A Hartford attorney who specializes in debt and equity financing announced Wednesday that he is exploring a run for state treasurer.
Arunan Arulampalam, a Democrat, said he won’t run if the current occupant of the office, fellow Democrat Denise Nappier, runs for reelection. Nappier has served as... Politicians normally don’t predict a bill’s failure hours before a press conference to introduce it, but that’s precisely what Sen. Chris Murphy did Wednesday regarding legislation to expand background checks on gun sales.
“Every great winning cause is a losing cause first,” said Murphy, who is... Connecticut Secretary of the State Denise Merrill is citing a new report about potential cybersecurity risks involving President Trump’s voter fraud commission as evidence of the problems with providing voter data to the panel.
The report from ThinkProgress, an arm of a liberal group called the...