Politics | Fox Business
ADVERTISEMENT National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn weighs in on the Republican tax reform plan. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT President Donald Trump will begin a 12-day trip to Asia on Friday, and he could face tensions in South Korea where United States’ trade and geopolitical interests are concerned. Under the GOP’s proposed tax law, the estate tax exemption will be doubled over the near-term, up from $5.49 million currently for individuals and nearly $11 million for married couples. President Donald Trump will begin a 12-day trip to Asia on Friday, and he could face tensions in South Korea where United States’ trade and geopolitical interests are concerned. Under the GOP’s proposed tax law, the estate tax exemption will be doubled over the near-term, up from $5.49 million currently for individuals and nearly $11 million for married couples. Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) explains why he will support the GOP's tax reform bill, despite some controversial changes to the state and local tax deduction, which largely benefits high-income states like New York, New Jersey and ... Former Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Charles Plosser on President Trump’s decision to nominate Jerome Powell as the next Federal Reserve Chair. FBN’s Stuart Varney on the political fall of Hillary and Bill Clinton. President Trump nominated Jerome Powell as the next chairman of the Federal Reserve on Thursday to provide the U.S. economy with “sound monetary policy and prudent oversight” to the banking system. The GOP will release the specific details of its long-awaited tax reform bill on Thursday, which President Donald Trump said he hopes will be approved by the House of Representatives by Thanksgiving. The new House Republican tax reform plan released on Thursday calls for changes to the estate tax, otherwise known as the “death tax,” including its elimination after a period of six years. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has a long way to go to get small businesses on board with the GOP’s tax plan in its current form, despite claims he made on Thursday that the newly-released plan would be a boon to their bottom lines. The House Ways and Means Committee released the major talking points of its long-awaited tax plan on Thursday, called the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which adds in a fourth tax bracket on high-income earners and leaves retirement plans largely untouched. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Thursday that Moscow regarded updated U.S. sanctions on Russia extremely negatively. A Washington D.C.-based firm paid an ex-British spy $168,000 for his work on the infamous and controversial Trump dossier. Another suggestible, sociopathic Jihadist has once again murdered innocents, and New York City bounced back and gave Islamism the middle finger. The open enrollment period for consumers to buy health care policies on the federal exchanges for the coming year begins Wednesday, though with policy shifts out of D.C., there are changes ahead for companies and individuals. Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D-NY) discusses the Republican tax reform plan. The Trump administration has quietly set aside plans to require new cars to be able to wirelessly talk to each other, auto industry officials said, jeopardizing one of the most promising technologies for preventing traffic deaths. U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday criticized the nation's visa system in the wake of Tuesday's truck attack in New York City. Christopher Hahn, a former aide to Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY), explained why President Trump would be committing political suicide if he were to sign his proposed tax bill into law. ADVERTISEMENT