Political News - Washington DC Politics - Washington Times
President Trump slammed a military judge’s decision Friday to spare Army deserter Bowe Bergdahl from prison time. A Republican congressman from Florida introduced a resolution Friday urging Special Counsel Robert Mueller to resign from the Russia probe, saying the one-time FBI director has his own conflicts of interest. Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts hit back at President Trump on Friday, saying he is attempting to divert attention away from the Russia investigation that has plagued his administration by calling her “Pocahontas” and highlighting the turmoil in the Democratic National Committee. The House voted Friday to extend funding for an insurance program that covers 9 million children, as Republicans nudged aside Democrats who said lawmakers shouldn’t have tapped Obamacare to pay for the bill. President Trump said Friday that he’s “disappointed” that the Justice Department isn’t investigating Hillary Clinton’s campaign for stealing the Democratic presidential primary election in 2016. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard said the revelations that the Democratic National Committee rigged the 2016 election for Hillary Clinton underscores the need for an overhaul of campaign finance laws and a complete overhaul of the national party. President Trump said Friday that the U.S. military is hitting the Islamic State “10 times harder” since an extremist pledging allegiance to the terrorist group killed eight people in New York this week. The chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee dismissed the idea Friday that the GOP’s push to eliminate the estate tax is a giveaway to “super wealthy” Americans. The head of the House Freedom Caucus said Friday he is confident the GOP’s plan to overhaul the federal tax code will pay for itself over 15 years, downplaying warnings from fiscal hawks who warn the proposal will push the nation deeper into debt. President Trump is puzzled as to why the Justice Department is not investigating new claims that the Democratic National Committee rigged the 2016 presidential primary for Hillary Clinton and against Vermont Sen. Bernard Sanders. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster said Thursday that Americans shouldn’t expect President Trump to tone down his language about North Korea while visiting Asia. A progressive group has pulled the plug on its efforts to mobilize voters on behalf of Democrat Ralph Northam in the Virginia gubernatorial race because of his stance on “sanctuary cities.” Former Donald Trump campaign adviser Carter Page on Thursday began his scheduled testimony before the House Intelligence Committee by bashing the panel itself. Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said Thursday that Sen. Bernie Sanders has every right to be upset about the 2016 Democratic primary.
The Senate spent this entire week confirming just five of President Trump’s circuit court picks. At that rate, it would take nearly eight weeks of working every day and doing nothing else — no tax overhaul, no year-end spending bills, no debt increase, no Children’s Health Insurance Program extension — to confirm the 47 other judicial nominees the president has pending. Imprisoned ex-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich has again asked the U.S. Supreme Court to toss his convictions on corruption charges, saying he never crossed lines into illegal fundraising. Trial likely will be delayed for an American Indian activist accused of inciting a riot during protests in North Dakota against the Dakota Access oil pipeline, as his attorneys gather more evidence to present a "necessity" defense. A gun rights advocacy group is calling on Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker to veto a measure that would make the state the first to ban bump stocks since the mass shooting at a Las Vegas music festival. The Arizona House is issuing a written harassment policy less than two weeks after a congresswoman went public about the sexual harassment she experienced from male colleagues during her early legislative career. The Country Music Association is apologizing after trying to impose restrictions on any questions by the media about the mass shooting in Las Vegas, gun rights or political affiliations at its awards show next Wednesday. An immigrant from Brazil who lives in New Hampshire and faced deportation has received a temporary stay from a federal appeals court. Candidates in the country's only two races for governor are in the final sprint before an Election Day that promises to illustrate how much - or how little - things have changed in the age of Trump. The political activist who has accused an Illinois Senate Democratic leader of sexually harassing her said Thursday that she wants to know why Sen. Ira Silverstein faced no repercussions until after she went public this week. The Justice Department accused the ACLU of lying in a federal court case about the timing of an illegal immigrant girl's abortion, and asked the Supreme Court to take the case and overturn a decision that critics say creates a constitutional right for illegal immigrants to have abortions in the U.S. The Trump administration on Friday accused lawyers for the American Civil Liberties Union of misleading the administration in the case of a pregnant immigrant teen who sought and obtained an abortion following a lawsuit. Legislation providing five more years of financing for an expired children's health program won House approval Friday, but a partisan battle over paying for the extension seemed certain to delay the bill in the Senate. Each side is using the fight to accuse the other of jeopardizing a program that serves more than 8 million low-income children. King County Sheriff John Urquhart has filed a lawsuit against a former deputy who has accused him of groping him. Democratic Party is in ruins Bowe Bergdahl avoids prison time, to be dishonorably discharged GOP congressman introduces resolution calling Mueller 'compromised,' demands he quit GOP's tax bill cancels $23 billion in credits claimed by illegal immigrants Brazile says Obama left DNC in deep debt; Clinton camp controlled party finances before 2016 primary Carter Page bashes House Intelligence Committee in testimony before panel Hillary Clinton defends Trump dossier as opposition research, makes dubious claims about its release GOP bill slashes tax break for NFL, other pro sports stadiums Journalism figures caught in 'Weinstein effect' Elizabeth Warren punches back at Donald Trump on Twitter More broken bones from the Democratic ruins ‘Tis the season for baseball dreams Indictments and ham sandwiches Washington falls to the American Taliban Virginia’s race for governor offers sneak preview of midterm battles