Politics and Government
With the release of an ambitious overhaul of the tax code, House Republicans are moving to fulfill a long-held desire of corporate America: a large and audacious tax cut, NYT reports.
The GOP's tax plan contains a little-noticed tax hike on big earners that could add $12,000 to their annual tax bill. The congressional budget plan permits the tax bill to boost the deficit by $1.5 trillion over 10 years. Washington may give allies the impression it's not committed to Asia if President Donald Trump misses an important summit this month. A blogger in Brooklyn wrote about suspicious information related to Paul Manafort's brownstone in February.
The new Fed chairman will likely continue Janet Yellen's slow and steady approach to raising interest rates. More than half say the charges brought in the investigation so far will not be the last of it, according to a new Washington Post-ABC poll. There's a chance the profit outlook for defense contractors may improve in the next few months, says an industry analyst. Twitter says President Trump's personal account was deactivated for 11 minutes because of the actions of a departing employee.
The Massachusetts Democrat says the tax plan favors large companies, multinationals and foreign investors. China is calling for constructive dialogue and negotiations ahead of the President Donald Trump's visit to Beijing next week. Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump may meet next week at an APEC summit in Vietnam, the Kremlin said on Friday. Two U.S. strategic bombers conducted drills over South Korea Thursday, the U.S. Air Force said, raising tensions with North Korea just days before President Donald Trump visits the region. Taxpayers qualify for the deduction if they spend more than 10 percent of their income on out-of-pocket health costs. President Donald Trump nominated Jerome Powell to run the Fed, in a move widely expected and one unlikely to disturb the roaring stock market. The new tax bill unveiled by Republicans is so simple that taxpayers will be able to file using a postcard, according to GOP lawmakers. Get the best of CNBC in your inbox