Politics - Baltimore Sun
Maryland Attorney General Brian E. Frosh has joined attorneys general in Illinois, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island in opposing Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc.’s proposed takeover of Tribune Media Co., a $3.9 billion deal that would create the nation’s largest television broadcast company.
Frosh filed... The American Legion and other supporters of a prominent cross-shaped war monument on a Maryland highway median just outside Washington have asked a federal appeals court to reconsider a ruling that found having the memorial on public land violates the U.S. Constitution.
Supporters asked the 4th... Jill Carter, director of the Office of Civil Rights and Wage Enforcement, on making a difference outside Annapolis. A Russian-linked Facebook ad that ran in Maryland in the months following the 2015 riots in Baltimore included a photograph of Freddie Gray and the words "never forget,” part of what lawmakers described Wednesday as a campaign to stir tensions in the United States around race, police and politics.... Former Baltimore mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has joined an Airbnb advisory board as the accommodation rental company continues to battle with the hotel industry over how it ought to be regulated.
Rawlings-Blake, who departed City Hall last year, joins former mayors of Rome and Houston who serve... A high-ranking official at the Maryland health department who was found in civil contempt of court in September has left his job overseeing psychiatric services.
Dr. Erik Roskes, director of the Behavioral Health Administration’s Office of Forensic Services, recently resigned, the department confirmed.... In his speech to midshipmen Monday night at the Naval Academy, Sen. John McCain outlined 81 years of history, briefing the young men and women on America’s fight against fascism during World War II, and its fight against communism.
Who could have imagined in the depths of the Cold War that the... Former President Bill Clinton said in a speech Monday at the Johns Hopkins University that everyone can play a part in solving the killer opioid epidemic gripping the nation.
Every person or group needs to pick something like stocking the overdose reversal drug naloxone, tackling stigma or calling... In a highly unusual move, the Justice Department asked the Supreme Court on Friday to discipline lawyers for the American Civil Liberties Union because they helped a 17-year old migrant obtain an abortion two weeks ago.
The move escalates a legal battle over abortion that arose when Trump administration... As hordes of progressives make plans to scream helplessly at the sky Wednesday to protest the one-year anniversary of Donald Trump’s election, the influential Democrats whose strategic missteps and disconnectedness to the electorate helped deliver his victory have other plans.
The operatives and... U.S. employment snapped back last month after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma depressed payrolls in September, suggesting that the long expansion in the labor market remains solid, according to government data released Friday.
The nation’s jobless rate fell a notch further in October, to a 17-year low... For years, former Republican Rep. Mary Bono said, she endured the increasingly suggestive comments from a fellow lawmaker in the House. But when the congressman approached her on the House floor and told her he'd been thinking about her in the shower, she'd had enough.
She confronted the man, who... Former President Bill Clinton charmed a crowd of about 100 people in Dundalk’s Turner Station community Monday as he celebrated playground signs that encourage parents and caregivers to talk to young children to build their vocabulary.
Clinton was greeted with warm cheers as he walked to the playground.... The two most powerful men in the General Assembly are promising to pass a bill next year stripping parental rights from rapists, adding strong allies to legislation that has died nine times before.
Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller announced on Facebook that he would join as a co-sponsor and... Maryland drivers will soon receive notice of open recalls on their vehicles when it is time to renew their registrations under a program announced Friday by the U.S. Department of Transportation.
State and federal transportation officials described the two-year pilot program as a first-in-the-nation... A state senator is calling for a special session of the Maryland General Assembly to deal with President Donald Trump’s decision not to fund subsidies for individual health insurance plans sold under the Affordable Care Act.
Sen. Jim Brochin, a Democrat from Baltimore County, says the state should... Environmentalists and nearly 50 state Democrats have urged the Hogan administration to immediately impose tougher water pollution standards on coal-fired power plants, rather than wait for rules delayed by the Trump administration.
Water pollution permits for three of the state’s seven coal-fired...